I would totally recommend staying at this property. Annie was friendly and easy to deal with. My family enjoyed their stay.
A group of 8 of stayed here to play golf at the nearby Kauri Cliffs golf course. The house is amazing with the most incredible views of a private beach and estuary teeming with birds. The living area is large and open plan making for a comfortable and relaxing place to stay. There were plenty of bedrooms spread out over the multilevel layout so no-one felt overly cramped. The fitout was first class with a high quality kitchen. Grant the property manager was friendly and helpful. I hope to get back here someday.
The four of us spent four nights at The Carriage House in early February 2018. It was the perfect place to stay – spacious, clean and well equipped. The owners, Adrian and Sylvia could not have been more helpful and their knowledge of the local area was extremely useful. We had good weather and particularly enjoyed sitting out on the deck in the evening for our meals. A highlight of our stay was a ride in the horse drawn carriage – what a wonderful experience that was. A stay in this beautiful place is highly recommended.
We stayed for two weeks in The Carriage House and it couldn't have been nicer - good breezes through the windows, sheep on the adjoining property, large carriage horses (Shire- and they are friendly liking carrots and apples) and rabbits everywhere. Layout and facilities were excellent in the apartment - we prepared at least half of our meals, some of which we took in the shelter of the large evergreen on the deck. Lots of birds. Although we explored paths in the neighbourhood (to a small bridge over a small river rapids), town centre was just minutes away. Town, although small, had everything that one could want - grocery stores, medical facilities, restaurants, theaters (live and film), pharmacies, bars, clothes/jewelers, specialised products - honey, Kauri products,wineries, etc. Sites were numerous, from local - stone store and mission house, Kauri forest (so peaceful and dignified), Opito Bay and lookout to half-day visits to Paihia, Russell, sailing on the brigantine Tucker Thompson, boating out to the Hole in the Rock, to the old whaling port of Manganui and to the treaty grounds and museum at Waiting. Full day trips to see the oldest Kauri and to the Kauri Museum and to the museum at Waipu showing history of Scottish settlement. As in all of New Zealand, there are hiking trails everywhere, requiring different levels of stamina and different environs. Adrian and Sylvia could not have been nicer - interesting stories of their lives, family and sailing adventures. And very accommodating. I would highly recommend The Carriage House to travellers to the Northland of New Zealand.
We ended our busy New Zealand vacation with a week at this beautiful horse farm.It was so peaceful and relaxing, we stayed an extra 2 days, and really hated to leave. The Carriage House is a spacious, comfortable and nicely furnished accommodation (upstairs). The open windows let in nice breezes all day long, and we enjoyed listening to the song birds. The kitchen has everything you need, and the large refrigerator was really nice to have. We also enjoyed having our own washer and dryer. We really enjoyed the hospitality of our hosts, they were most helpul in suggesting things to see and do, and places to eat...all great suggestions. Be sure to ask to see the restored vintage carriages and cars, Adrian has great stories to tell about them all! We loved spending time with their Shire and Gypsy Vanner horses, and they will love you if you take them a few carrots in the evenings! They even invited us for a carriage ride into Kerikeri, great fun! It was such a priviledge to be around these amazing animals and people who are still training them to do something that is becoming so rare these days. Kerikeri is a nice little town with good grocery stores and restaurants. Lots to see close by and convenient for other sightseeing trips. We highly recommend this place.
Kerikeri is a lovely area and the accommodation provided at the Carriage House is of a very high standard. We enjoyed our stay and would certainly visit again.
A delightfully large self-contained two superking bedroom apartment overlooking the river and horse pastures, 5 minutes drive from the centre of Kerikeri. Adrian and Sylvia are superb hosts - it's like going to stay with family not strangers. If you are interested in history at all, then you will love it here even more. We will definitely be back to spend more time with them :)
We stayed here for a week during our tour of New Zealand, and had a wonderful time. The cottage has all the amenities we could want- is very spacious, comfortable and well equipped. Everything worked, which is not always a given in rental properties. It is near the town of Keri Keri, which has shops and restaurants, but is among just a very few houses down a longish track. The hosts, Adrian and Sylvia, live in their house just nearby, and have been superb hosts. We could not have been made more welcome. They are full of suggestions of places to visit and have been really helpful when we've had any queries. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend this cottage to anyone.
Great place to stay, the host are just fantastic and so helpful. Ask to see the carriage collection and the old cars; you are in for a treat. We stayed 2 nights there and I could stay even longer. I have no hesitation whatsoever to recommend this place.
A beautiful, peaceful setting. The Carriage House is spacious and well equipped. Close to town and lots of amenities, good restaurants and cinema. The owners (Adrian and Sylvia) made our stay very special, taking us for a ride in one of their horse drawn carriages and giving us lots of local information. Set on the estuary but never far from a beach and many interesting places to see. We would happily visit again!
We stayed in this spacious accommodation in Kerikeri, in the Bay of Islands. It had all that we could desire. Our hosts couldn't have been more welcoming and helpful. Nothing was too much trouble for them. The location was ideal for what we wanted to achieve within this area - ready access to the many islands, historical and cultural settings and fine restaurants. Adrian and Silvia (our hosts) were rightly proud of property and were keen to share with us their passion for horses, carriages and vintage cars. Adrian breeds horses and has one of the finest collection in New Zealand. It was a real pleasure and education listening to him.
Stayed for Labour weekend with my family and our dog - easy to find (literally 2 mins outside Kerikeri center), friendly welcome, clean and spacious accommodation.  The accommodation was comfortable for four adults with two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a well equiped kitchen for self-catering; there are also good food options nearby in Kerikeri. The horses were friendly and had no issues with our dog (or vice versa!). We took kayaks with us and launched from the jetty on the property to kayak on Kerikeri River. Adrian and Sylvia are very nice hosts.
The Carriage House was a wonderful place to stay! The suite itself was very quiet, spacious and comfortable with a well equipped kitchen . . . perfect for 2 couples. Adrian and Sylvia were very welcoming and friendly hosts. We enjoyed seeing and hearing about the collection of carriages and vintage automobiles. The horses were an added bonus! Information about the surrounding area and sites was readily available. A terrific way to begin our vacation in New Zealand!
We could definitely recommend this beautiful property, home away from home, good location, people very friendly & helpful.
This very comfortable cottage is in a beautiful location. The hosts offer trememdous hospitality, making our visit even more delightful. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants all the comforts of home in a vacation rental.
This is an idyllic rural location to relax in, surrounded by Shire Horses with a lovely scenic view of the inlet below and well positioned to explore the Bay of Islands. Our host and hostess, Adrian and Sylvia were very friendly, informative and accommodating of all our needs and it was a special treat to be taken out on a horse drawn carriage to Kerikeri. A special thanks also to Roy who tenders the horses. This has been a very relaxing and enjoyable holiday with family for the past 11 days and we are happy to recommend it.
The accommodation and locale of The Carriage House is beautifully unique and central in this fascinating Northland area. It was the ideal spot for a relaxing worry free holiday. The lovely Shire horses were an added bonus as were the antique carts and cars. The starlit night skies were beautiful beyond belief for a city dweller. The information provided for the places of interest in the area was superb with excellent directions provided by the charming host. The accommodation itself was comfortably and tastefully furnished with all needs met including a second guest room.  We intend to revisit at the soonest opportunity.
We spent 8 days in the property. The location is perfect to explore bay of islands. Our children loved to take care of horses. The apartment is beautiful end nicely furnished and well equipped. Our guests were lovely and spacial thank to Roy. We certainly come back one day.
We are a family of four from the US - kids ages 12 and 8. We stayed here for four nights. The cottage is new, clean and large enough for a very comfortable stay. The views are beautiful. Our hosts could not have been nicer. As an unexpected treat they invited us to join them for a horse drawn carriage ride into town.  We would definitely stay here again.
Standard of accommodation very good, with all mod cons and equipment as necessary. Delightful hosts who provided excellent information on local and area amenities, places of interest to visit and local restaurants.
We enjoyed every aspect of our stay here - the warm welcome by host Adrian, the apartment and its wonderful views over KeriKeri Inlet, the impromptu Carriage ride through KeriKeri ....... We would recommend the Carriage House to anyone travelling by car (it is several Kilometers fromthe town centre) and reasonably mobile (the only access is via a flight of steps)
The property is located out of town in a semi rural area. A car is essential to visit places of interest in the Bay of Islands. The property was as advertised and we were pleasantly surprised by the rural setting. Our Hosts Adrian and Sylvia went out of their way to provide detailed information on how to get to places of interest, plus recommending great restaurants and nothing was too much trouble. The rooms in the Carriage House are all large and pleasantly furnished. The fridge and stove were full sized making self catering easy. Linen was changed regularly. Two large supermarkets are located in KeriKeri. Note that access to the cottage is by a staircase. Access to the horses and the carriage ride through Kerikeri was an unexpected highlight. We had a fantastic time - great location, great weather, great hosts. We'll be back....
The location is outstanding! You cannot get closer to the water than this, peace, tranquility in the most stunning surroundings all facilities are 5 star. Marsden Cross is a 5 minute drive! The fishing is awesome, the hosts are exceptionally hospitable! I would say this is an awesome spot for a family getaway, a couples retreat, friends going fishing or an reunion of any sorts! Just awesome for any occasion! Great rates through winter. Will be booking for next summer. Thanks Michelle and Ash and boys!
My brother and I got to enjoy 2 nights at the Bay of Islands health retreat as the major spot prize I won at the Rotorua off road Half Marathon. I could not recommend this retreat enough. The owners Pip and Pete are amazing. They were extremely helpful and knowledgeable about all things food and fitness. They were awesome hosts.  My brother and I enjoyed delicious healthy wholesome meals of restaurant quality, explored the local area through native bush walks, participated in group fitness sessions and relaxed in the spa and sauna facilities and enjoyed a rewarding massage.   Thank you guys so much for having us to stay. We will be back again. 10/10!
Bay of Islands Health Retreat is a hidden gem. The owners, Philippa and Pete, spoilt us rotten over a few days and put exercising into a whole new dimension by taking us out on beautiful hikes and cycling adventures on routes we would never have found if we were on our own.  The accommodation was the most aesthetically pleasing and comfortable we had throughout our month long road trip in NZ (and we stayed in many places - some 5 star). Beds were super comfortable and the rooms left nothing to want for.  Philippa cooked lovely healthy meals and Pete is an experienced, knowledgeable and very inspiring coach who made our training so much more fun.  I cannot recommend this place enough and only wish we had Pete & Philippa closer to home so we could make it an annual tradition to start off the new year with them.
My wife and I booked a week in the two bedroom apartment, looking for somewhere to relax and enjoy the area around Kerikeri. We were welcomed by the hosts Pip and Pete, and immediately felt at home in the superb accommodation which boasts quality fixtures and fittings, and is maintained to a very high standard. Our room opened onto the pool area, with loungers and outside seating, and the in ground spa was a bonus. There were some provisions provided, including excellent locally made muesli and a good selection of tea and coffee. Options include a full program of fitness and healthy meals provided, and although we did not take the food, we did sample some of Pip's homemade snacks which were delicious. The fitness facilities are first class, and Pete has done a great job on the outside 'boot camp' course. We thoroughly enjoyed the cycling, kayaking and riverside walk as additional activities, as well as the on-site gym equipment and professional training and advice.  This was one of the best experiences we have found in NZ, we have already shared it with friends and look forward to a return visit in the future.
Pip and Pete were very friendly and helpful. Making the booking was easy and they were very accommodating when we needed to make changes to our booking a week prior to our arrival. They even offered to pick us up from the airport!  The accommodation was new and clean, and amenities were top notch. And in the kitchen was a magic bullet... With frozen berries and coconut water in the fridge for us to make healthy breakfast shakes! We also took advantage of the group classes which were fun and enjoyable even for a first-timer like me and yes, my fitness fanatic husband was in his element.   One minor hiccup was having a cold shower on the first night after a very relaxing time in the spa. This was due to the hot water tank not being turned on. The hosts were very apologetic and informed us that this has never happened before. And I'm sure it won't happen again but I'd say it's worth testing the hot water before jumping in the shower, especially in winter.  Overall, we had a great time!  We will definitely be back for more PT4ME and strongly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a relaxing getaway, an effective fitness camp or a bit of both.
ACCOMMODATION ONLY OPTION: (2 bed unit + additional room) My partner and I decided to treat our Mums to a week away in the beautiful Bay of Islands. There were many options available. However, we made our decision based on location to KeriKeri and the beautiful surroundings and accommodation at PT FOR ME Retreat. We were not disappointed, it is exactly as they described on their website and the photo's don't do it justice - it actually felt like we were on a tropical island. Pip and Pete were so welcoming and it felt like we were staying with family friend’s. We had an amazing relaxing week. There are too may great things to mention: - Pete and Pip Picked us up and dropped us off at the airport (2 vehicles to cater for our luggage) - Wonderful welcoming hosts who recommended great places to eat/drink/see – all were amazing - Immaculate amenities gardens/pool/spa/gym. We had access to bikes and kayaks too and were welcomed to join in on any gym classes they had scheduled. Pool loungers/inflatables/umbrellas and outdoor furniture all for our use. - Vehicle available too - Additions: snacks/coffee/tea/milk/toiletries/beds/linen – all high quality - Nonintrusive hosts with 3 little jack Russell’s – Pip and Pete said they would block the dogs off from our accommodation but we are dog lovers and didn’t have an issue with them roaming free – they were extremely friendly. - I could go on and on.... just visit and you'll see. If you have any issues Pip and Pete will go above and beyond to accommodate you.  There was only one Con. The dressing robes were extremely soft and inviting but too small for my Mum to enjoy.   I strongly recommend staying at this retreat and will visit again soon. Best suited for a family or group of friends as they have a 2 bed unit and an additional room just off their main living area but is separated with a door with a latch – very private.
A great little house, immaculately presented, amazing outdoor living, close to all the lovely attractions of Kerikeri. A great place to base yourself for travel around other parts of Northland too.
the house is lovely, clean, tidy and large enough for a family the owners are easy to deal with the garden is large and in a peaceful part of kerikeri
Perfect for every reason. dogs allowed room for friends and the kids if you wanted. private yet very close to everything. Scott is on the ball very quick response to our inquiry saved our holiday wanted to stay longer!! Get Mary to show you how the dryer works we couldn't figure it out but i'm blaming my wife or maybe...
A very clean, comfortable, well equipped holiday home, nestled in a quiet, secluded residential location with plenty of space still and a short drive from the town centre. We all enjoyed our stay here from the youngest being only 18months to the oldest in the their mid sixties.
Great place to stay. The spa pool was excellent and the house was very tidy. Close to Kerikeri township.
Dear Helen and Ken. We really enjoyed it to stay at your place. The room was very comfortable and clean and the location very quiet. Thanks a lot for the nice informative talks and helpfulness with garden questions and other things.
Excellent value for money  Everything provided . Clean .tidy.. Transport needed for location.  Owners extremely helpful?
I was looking for quite with a view What I found was quite with amazing views  The accommodation was top class.We will be back for another stay at this amazing spot
Overlooking the natural harbour of Whangaroa with views from all around the property, this is a very special place. The location, apart from being superb in its own right is an ideal base for discovering the top end of North Island. We stayed for 6 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our visit to this part of NZ. Don't miss the drive to Cape Reinga, the fish and chips at Mangonui, and breakfast at the Little Kitchen Cafe, also at Mangonui, along with lots of other highlights too numerous to mention. The accommodation is extremely well-appointed with every comfort and convenience and most importantly to ourselves, it was spotlessly clean. The lounge/kitchen area is shared with the owner who lives in the other half of the property, but Terry is an extremely affable host and we never found the arrangement to be an issue. In fact our chats with him were a bonus feature of our stay and he was a great source of help and information about the area. We would definitely book this property again.
So peaceful, the silence is deafening! This stunning property is situated in a well elevated position above the very beautiful Whangaroa Harbour. The house is about three years old, and has been finished to a high standard with great detail, which Terry designed himself. We had use of the west wing, which has great views from both the bedroom and also from the deck, which is equipped with very comfy bean bags, or the sublime cantilever hammock, which was always a race to occupy! Terry is a very gracious and amiable host who was full of great tourist suggestions, but at the same time was exceedingly respectful of our privacy. We thoroughly enjoyed our time here, and would highly recommend it for anyone who wanted a truly private and peaceful getaway in an absolutely beautiful part of New Zealand.
Myself, my partner and a friend stayed for one week January 17 to January 22 2016.....we had a wonderful time and would highly recommend this accommodation. The views are spectacular and cover 360 degrees of the beautiful Whangaroa Harbour with all of its ever changing conditions....mist, sunshine, wind, rain....just wonderful. The accommodation itself was first class, bedrooms were spacious, en-suite delightful and the open space kitchen and lounge very modern and well appointed. Windows and doors provided instant access to the fantastic views and cooling breezes as well as a spacious deck to enjoy the view. Our host Terry was wonderful as a source of information for day-trips in the local area.....a very beautiful region with a lot less of the tourist hussle and bussle of Bay of Islands but so very beautiful and laid back....he was friendly, respectful of our space and a very engaging and entertaining at times, someone who has a passion for the area and the people who share what is a unique and very special part of NZ....please, do yourself a favor and stay here!! ....it is a once in a fifetime experience.......nothing like it anywhere in the world....
We had a wonderful four night stay here. The views from the house are spectacular, overlooking what is said to be one of the most beautiful harbours in the world(I would agree).Whether it is watching the rain coming in or the early morning mist rising the views are ever changing. We stayed in the large double ensuite bedroom which was luxurious and very spacious with everything you could need. We loved lounging on the bean bags on the large wrap around deck and cooking in the the lovely large kitchen. Terry the owner was so welcoming and hospitable and great fun. The surrounding area is a must see,beautiful beaches and numerous walks. A real treat is taking a water taxi around the harbour and then spending time on a deserted sandy cove! We really hope to visit again very soon. Thank you Terry for allowing us to share your 'top spot".
The 360 degree views from Terry's house are truly amazing. It was a great place for us to relax on a choice of verandahs taking in the views and reading or eating or sipping wine on large comfy bean bag lounges late into the serenity of the moonlit evenings. No mozzies! The rooms are new, spotlessly clean and very comfortable.  This place is very special, as is the host Terry who couldnt be more friendly and willing to share his local knowledge and also the fasinating stories of his travels. I would definitely stay here again. Thanks Terry for a truly memorable stay!
My daughter and I had a two day holiday here and we left, refreshed and rejuvenated. It was peaceful and we totally relaxed. The breakfast included a wonderful marmalade. Thank you to Terry for looking after all our needs. I liked the view and the very comfortable bed.
Mum and I really really enjoyed our two day break that both restored and refreshed our senses.  The first time we visited was straight out of Hansel and Gretel - we were heading up the hill to see the view of the harbour and followed these regular clear signs that lead us right to “Prima a Situ” (meaning: Top Spot) - Whangaroa Harbour. Terry the host, invited us in for a cuppa and we knew then we would be back to stay!  It has many wow factors - as you go through the gate and up the driveway, you feel you are alone on this point of Whangaroa Harbour and have left the rest of the world behind at the gate; the two guest rooms and onsuite of accommodation was 5 star (little touches like ironed sheets what a luxury), the wide wraparound balcony of the bedrooms and lounge has very comfortable lie back bean bags to sink into as you breathe in the serenity and enjoy the birds eye view of the harbour. It was a joy to use the gourmet kitchen, with large corner windows made making meals a delight.  Terry has really considered all the wishes and whims of guests as if he has created the holiday he would like - very intuitive and he's full of local knowledge. You can tell his love of the area is what made him settle here.  We haven't tried the 39 steps down to the water for rock oysters yet - must leave some treats like that and the bush walks for another ocassion. One thing I enjoyed was reading the signs for the native trees and bushes on the expansive property. This is a unique and special place. We will return!
Terry describes his cabin accurately. It is fully solar-powered and opens up through a retractable garage door to the environment. It is well-equipped: in addition to kitchen gadgets and cookware, there are games and puzzles, books, even a bird calling whistle, as well as bug spray. You drive on unpaved track about 200 yards through bush to get there: pukeko and quail greet you!. There is no concern about privacy when you walk back down the track to the outdoor bathtub - with lots of hot water, bubble bath and a tub pillow and, best of all, a harbor view. We were disappointed only with the unusually rainy weather which kept us from doing expected water activities (though apparently a kayak was waiting for us only a drive down to the harbor), but we used the time well, driving all around the Northland from Mangonui to Cape Reinga on day trips. Terry also offers great advice on nearby restaurants.
We stayed for 3 days with Vickie and Roger (and Zuka). We had a wonderful time at a wonderful place. Great hosts. Good advice. Breakfast and dinner perfect and the wine also. Great views.
Amazing views of the harbour! Spent 6 nights in this idyllic hideaway. Thank you to our  wonderful hosts Judy and Shaun for your hospitality. Very well equipped clean accommodation with comfortable bed. Private, relaxing sun deck and pool. Great choice of breakfast supplies and little treats every day!
Beautiful location,fantastic hosts,delightful Neo. Had a wonderful stay. I would definitely recommend to stay.
Hidden treasure in middle of nowhere . Good person. Good breakfast. Get away and do nothing . :). pity about the dirt roads in that area
First time visit to Hokianga and wanted somewhere nice to stay, this establishment seemed to tick all the boxes.  Upon arrival warmly greeted by Robyn the owner, there are two guest houses on her property, the Lotus being the larger of the two units.  The room consisted of a four posted bed in a studio type unit, this leads onto the living / kitchen area and lastly out to a large deck with sea views over the Hokianga harbor (great place to sunbath and watch the sunsets over the harbor). To top the unit off, a large bathroom and separate dressing room.  All furnishings and fittings of the highest standard and tastefully decorated.  To cap the it off, guests have the use of a combined spa / swimming pool.  Robyn offered to cook dinner for us, which we declined but took her up on the breakfast offer. This was scrummy, all cooked with fresh local products.  This was a great stay with a real friendly host, only down side, we hadn't decided to stay longer.
Hokianga Haven is right on the beach at Omapere in Noth Western NZ. We stayed two nights at this location. The room is large and spacious with a kitchen area and small dining table in this open plan area. The room was clean and comfortable with bifolding doors to the outside area. The outside area was a little disappointing, but the beach just ten paces away was fantastic.  It was a shame that our stay coincided with a large motor bike party next door the first night followed by a large storm the second. This together with non stop rain tends to dampen the spirits. What I will say is this Hokianga Haven would look great on a warm dry day but for us it looked a little soggy and down beat.
I recommend this bed and breakfast stay for any one who wants to re charge their batteries   and enjoy nature, the ocean and tranquility.Beautiful ambience,magnificent gardens,birds   singing in the trees,bees buzzing everywhere and a real opportunity to have a great relaxing  time.Plenty of walks but this is a place to do nothing and just chill.Highly recommended
Beautiful self catered accomodiation, bit the owner filled up the fridge with a breakfast. Short stay, too short. A lot to do and to see in the environnement. It`s apity that the accomodation was not really cleaned. Avery nice helpfull hostess.
My brother and I stayed here during a road trip around Northland. The location is wonderful, right on the beach with views over the sand dunes. The bedrooms were clean and very comfortable with good amenities. There was safe off street parking and no road traffic noise. I will certainly stay here again and recommend it to friends.
We travelled to Omapere for a wedding at The Copthorne. Hokianga Haven is easy walking distance. Beautiful accommodation with stunning view. Our host, Heather made us most welcome. A hidden gem and we will go back. Such a gorgeous location. Great value for money. The breakfast was much appreciated too. Soothing for the soul. Had dinner at Indian restaurant (Schooner Cafe) on Friday night which was also good and has panoramic views all across the harbour. Well worth a visit.
We stayed at Hokianga Haven for 5 nights with our two kids. The accommodation and breakfast was excellent. the location is perfect, just on the beach front with a big garden. Private and safe for young children. The best bit for the kids was playing with Niua the dog, but for us it was the stunning view and warm welcome. Highly recommended!
We had a terrific time staying here - Emily is very friendly and welcoming. Her dogs are great fun! The whole of Northland, Bay of Islands, etc is in easy reach. This is our fourth stay and we will keep coming :)
This property is getting tired but everything you need for a very affordable stay, beach access just down a little, and a beautiful view, and dog friendly  Emily is a very friendly knowledgeable lady don't be afraid to ask her questions.
A fantastic kiwiana old-time bach. Wonderful being just on the shores of the Hokianga, extremely peaceful looking over the water to the hills, with rural views and cattle also. The bedrooms are smallish but plenty of them! No pretensions to being flash, everything clean although bathroom not quite up to House and garden standards. The kitchen is roomy and has everything you could need, some basic food staples available was a very nice touch. Large fridge, microwave, oven, plenty of bench space.   Living area spacious and comfortable, looking to the views.  Only minor quibble: HRV ventilation system slight noise detracted from the silence.  The house is on the main road but traffic noise not enough to be an issue.  Our host welcoming, friendly, interesting as well-entrenched in the Hokianga community with many interests!  Dogs both with lovely natures.  we would definitely stay here again, and for longer.  Not for people wanting flash new place - this is a tired but friendly place.
3 double bedrooms plus more bed options allowed our large family to stay at this convenient location. The views across the harbour to the sanddunes were marvellous, especially at sunset. A large living room with toys for various ages meant the kids were able to enjoy themselves indoors when the weather wasn't that great. Emily was very friendly and helpful without being intrusive.  Great for a group or larger family on a budget. Setup for disabled access.
Amazing place to spend a few weeks. Idyllic location, on a hill overlooking the bay. Every room has the same fabulous view and wide doors opening out onto the upper or lower terrace. Clean and comfortable. The hot tub in the garden is a good bonus. Much appreciated! The detailed information sent by the owner on booking was very detailed and totally accurate and helpful. Any queries or requests we had when staying were dealt with promptly and satisfactorily.  Highly recommended.
First, I would like to thank Bill for making his home available so that families like us can experience his beautiful place. We stayed for 6 nights and had the best time! Everyone was over the moon with the view, the kayaks (saw a penguin), the spa (divine), the gym and even the guitar got played. It was absolutely perfect. After a day out on the bay or in town, we all looked forward to coming back to sit on the deck and enjoy the peace and tranquillity of 'home'. We left reluctantly but it was such a special place it will always be remembered.
One of the most beautiful views we've seen, stylish and modern property, and professionally managed but with local charm. We were definitely satisfied and would visit again.
We have stayed here before as a couple and ever since have been keen to take our grown up kids back here when we visited NZ again as it's such a special spot. Due to the flexibility of this home you have two separate living areas which provided accommodation for 6 nicely. The "two living areas" layout mean this is great for a couple, a family, or two couples, so there is a lot of flexibility.  The home is beautifully laid out with quality furnishings, an awesome view, and best of all provides total privacy in a comparatively remote and isolated location. There is no better place to just chill out and get away from it all, complete with all the luxury you need not to mention the incredible ocean views. Those evenings just lazing on the deck watching the sunsets were just the bomb! And the spa is another added extra since we were there that again has an awesome view.   Bill is very helpful and easy to deal with, and you couldn't ask for a better host. This is our second stay and hopefully won;t be our last!
Fantastic place in a quiet little area. We booked this place to finish off our two week holiday with relaxation in mind and that's exactly what we got. The views were spectacular, the house beautifully presented and the spa was a great added bonus. Both beaches within walking distance (despite the big driveway) and often to yourself. Everything down to a key was explained in the handy booklet from aircon to TV, from dishwasher to spa. By far the best ending to our NZ holiday!!
Bill's place was absolutely amazing! The view was spectacular and the location was perfect - close to many beautiful Bay's (Taupiri, Elliott's and Oke). The place was spotless; beds were comfortable - overall the place had everything we needed, plus more (gym, hot tub, kayaks...) We also received a warm welcome! Thanks so much for the fond memories. We would definitely come back.
The accomadations were over the top the view was to die for the owners were in contact with us from the time we booked until we left . We will book again when we return to New Zealand and would like to stay longer. If you want night life stay in town if you want peace and quite and a truly amazing place to stay book this accomadations.
I loved staying here, the place is two stories and perfectly appointed. There is so much room and everything has been thought of to make your stay enjoyable. Nothing is too much trouble for the owner, and he responds quickly to emails. For the price per night, I have never had better value for money, and I am well travelled.
The accomadations were over the top the view was to die for the owners were in contact with us from the time we booked until we left . We will book again when we return to New Zealand and would like to stay longer. If you want night life stay in town if you want peace and quite and a truly amazing place to stay book this accomadations.
I loved staying here, the place is two stories and perfectly appointed. There is so much room and everything has been thought of to make your stay enjoyable. Nothing is too much trouble for the owner, and he responds quickly to emails. For the price per night, I have never had better value for money, and I am well travelled.
Rainy arrival in New Zealand but wonderful accommodation with fabulous views when rain stopped! Very warm welcome from Cindy with helpful essentials in fridge and cupboards. The house is delightfully comfortable with interesting art pieces throughout. We enjoyed dips in the pool too.
This is not the most modern of accommodation but it is one of the most comfortable with the most magnificent of views. We were made most welcome by Maureen and Ron who live on site in a separate house. Although on site they were not intrusive but were there to help when we asked.  Russell is well supplied with good restaurants, we ate in several in our 5 day stay. We arrived after dark, a 4 hour drive from Auckland, and next morning the sunrise and the view was spectacular from every room. We saw many boats stopping to watch the Dolphins and went on a 4 hour cruise to see the Dolphins, go through the hole in the rock and land on one of the islands at Maureen's recommendation. We spent many hours relaxing and just watching the view a totally relaxing break.
Villa du Fresne has been the prefect place to stay with our son (12 months). We enjoyed the stunning view on the bay of islands, and the beach is only a two minutes stroll away. Maureen and Ron have been prefect hosts, very well equipped kitchen. It has been every thing we hoped for and more, defintely would reccommend it to friends and we hope to be back ourselves as well.
Retired I, my wife and our female cousin adored our six days. More a boutique hotel than a holiday let; each morning, starting with our personal sunrise we enjoyed the stunning views from the cliff top where the ocean offered a fresh interest every moment - including large and small boats and sighting of dolphins and the adjacent islands. Here you can stumble to the pebble beach immediately beneath or find an excellent sandy beach just around the corner. Russell is a decent walk but short drive away. Our hosts Maureen and Ron were unobtrusive but nothing was too much trouble proving very supportive particularly helping to fix up ongoing travel arrangements and we left good friends. The property is beautiful, comfortable and totally flexible - either as two separate apartments or as one spacious dwelling for the three of us; it would be difficult to find a better stay.
My husband and I stayed with friends in January 2015 and were amazed at the spectacular direct view of the ocean. It was wonderful to open the floor to ceiling glass doors after a sound night's sleep and enjoy the summer breeze and sunshine. Our hosts were gracious and always available to answer any questions. Only wish we could have stayed longer.
My husband and I arrived on 30 January and had the most wonderful four night stay in this idyllic apartment. We were warmly welcomed and made to feel we were family. Maureen and Ron are very hospitable and attentive without being intrusive and nothing is too much trouble for them.  The accommodation is immaculate and spacious and the view of the Bay of Islands will stay with me for ever and the dolphins when the boats are close by.  If you are in Russell you will be very fortunate if you manage to stay with Maureen and Ron. They are exceptional and very special people and you feel privileged to have met them and shared their beautiful facilities.
Beautiful location of Bay of Islands!! Even caught a couple of handy size snappers out on their beach,, had for dinner!! Plenty of highlights here!!
The location is good. Cleverly created space over the garage/boatshed. And what we saw of the garden looked inviting. But this is not a place we would want to stay again. We left after one night having paid for 2. The septic tank sends urine smells into the back of the loft, unless you close the window. Judging by their smell, the pillows are still the original. The kitchenette is less well equipped than the average en suite in NZ hotels. Eg no bread knife, toaster, and greasy cooking utensils and plates. There are no blinds for the skylight windows, so bad luck if you wanted to sleep much beyond sunrise and have forgotten your airline sleep mask. This could easily be kept at a ‘perfectly fine’ standard. But I am afraid that currently it is not as portrayed and it offers very poor value for money.
The help from Cindy was excellent in preparation for a special occasion, the accomodation was spotless, the views were spectacular, easy access to the location, local tourist attractions close by ie Omata Winery and the standup boarding was beyond our expectations and we did not want to leave. Al and Cindy were so helpful and we will return in the future for another special occasion.....I am 65 next year....there we go! Thanks Cindy and Al.
Wow--everything exceeded our expectations! Cindy and Al were wonderful, interesting, well-informed hosts. The loft was exactly what we wanted--a beautiful, private getaway in the tropical vegetation, overlooking Bay of Islands. It's just a short little walk down to the beach and we enjoyed the kayaks and paddle boards. The outer islands were spectacular and we highly recommend that visitors to Bay of Islands go check them out. Russell was a nice happy hour spot with shopping and small supermarkets, and we thought the Waitangi treaty grounds and museum in nearby Paihia were really well done and informative for those interested in some NZ history. Enjoy this lovely slice of NZ paradise!
Cindy and Al were such lovely host and with such an amazing property too! The gardens can only be described as a tropical paradise, the views were amazing and inside there was everything you could possibly need. Would absolutely recommend!
What an absolutely perfect place to experience the Bay of Islands! Cindy and Albee were great hosts - generous, friendly and well informed about the area. The kayaks were a bonus and the view from the loft was amazing. We thoroughly enjoyed every minute of our stay and we were particularly happy with our choice of accommodation. We will definitely be back and we will definitely stay at the Bay Of Islands Beach House Loft!
We enjoyed three nights at the Beach House Loft. It was just what we needed to slow down after hectic work days and prepare the route for the rest of our New Zealand holiday. The loft is separate from the main house, quiet, clean and nicely appointed. Has wifi access and great massage shower. Being a loft, when sun shines all day (which it did while we were there) it is warm and requires no heating.   It is about 10 minutes drive from Russell township and fully self service so best to stock up on the essentials before you stop for the day. Barbecue is available to cook your own dinner or lunch, but we chose to eat out for lunch rather than have dinner.  You can be as active or sedentary as you wish. The double kayak did not get a workout while we were there but we did have walks along the little private beach.   Really we would rather keep this location a secret, but that would not be fair to owners Cindy and Al, who were delightful hosts and willing to be as helpful or as removed as you wish.  We can highly recommend this private little getaway for couples. You will not be disappointed.
Lovely detached cottage in a very quiet location a short walk from a nice beach. There is free access to a double kayak and paddle boards. There is a kitchen with a toaster oven. We heard kiwis calling in the middle of the night, a special trreat.The owners are US expats, very friendly and hospitable. The place is hard to find, and some of the markers mentioned on the website are missing or difficult to see. It's worth finding though, and is highly recommended.
Fantastic property with an amazing view. Very peaceful surroundings with a lovely swimming beach at the bottom of the garden. Had use of a double kayak and also had a stab at paddle boarding with the assistance of Cindy and Al (great hosts). Wish we could of stayed longer!
A nice little Appartement in a perfect surrounding. A nice Place with an own Small beach. A good place to stay for a while. Best wishes. Karin & Armin
This place is just amazing,the photos don't do it justice. The hists, Cin and Alan are the salt of the earth We would love to have spent more time there, four nights is not enough Perfect escape for anyone who needs to chill
Highly recommend to anyone who is looking for somewhere thats very kicked back and relaxing. My husband and I had a wonderful time kayaking, fishing and went on amazing hikes. Cindy, the owner, gave me a couple of lessons paddle boarding and was one of the friendliest and most accommodating person I met on my holiday.Thank you for an awesome stay!!! We highly recommend the "Loft".
The location of the house is spectacular and so are the views. It has all the comforts one needs and a chef’s kitchen, so cooking is easy. Location is extremely private, and one needs to drive 20 minutes to Russel for groceries and restaurants. Highly recommended as a place to get away from it all!
Despite it being a tropical storm when we arrived and the car initially not being to negotiate the steep drive in the rain we were wowed when we entered the property. This is 5* Boutique Hotel standard. Everything you see on the photographs is understated. Views and level of attention to detail in the accommodation is first class. What more can I say PERFECT.
We had a week here to celebrate my husband's birthday. The house is up a very, very steep driveway and as we were in an old camper van at the time we could'nt get up to the top! However Kelly was there to greet us and she helped us get everything into the house in her car. Once we were in it was worth the inconvenience of having to park further down the drive although we did get a rental car for the rest of week and this got to top no problem! The house is beautifully decorated and equipped with the most stunning views over the bay. As it is a bit isolated it is worth doing all your grocery shopping before you get there. We spent a lovely week in the Bay of Islands and hired a boat for 2 days to discover the islands. Russell is nice and so is Pahia. Would recommend this property, think it is very good value. Kelly is really helpful if you need advice on anything.
When traveling with our family (4 adults), it always makes more sense to do a vacation rental compared to two hotel rooms. Made a couple such reservations for our 3 week trip and this was definitely our favorite place; the perfect ending to a remarkable visit. Russell is a long way from Wellington, but well worth the drive…despite the heavy traffic around Auckland.  While I tend to go a bit overboard when it comes to accommodations on family trips, this property was well worth the price in terms of location/view, proximity, solitude, and an absolutely stunning home. Wish I had stayed here for more than 3 days. Owners are responsive and pleasant; bedrooms, kitchen, baths and decks are expansive, and Russell is just so peaceful I could envision living here. You may never get to New Zealand again, so treat yourself and family, you will not be disappointed…….thank you Trip Advisor for another great listing.
A beautiful property, set in a breathtakingly gorgeous environment. The manager, Cindy, is very professional, responsive and personable. She helped make our stay outstanding in all respects.
Very clean and comfortable accommodation with spectacular views. Easy access to all of the cultural and tourist attractions including the beautiful village of Russell. Special thanks to Cindy for all of the helpful tips on what to do and see and especially for the tip on where to get fresh seafood. A wonderful place to call home for a few days. Would return in a heartbeat.
I had family visiting from the UK so wanted to take them to Russell, we saw the pictures of this Bach online, and it had everything we needed for 7 people.   The place is amazing, views were outstanding.  My only negative would be that for five stars I didn't think it lived Upto that.  It wasn't cleaned to a five star rating, the toilet seat was broke in the main bathroom and dirty and there was mould on the curtains and there was an abundance of flies, some of the rooms did smell abit musky too. But I tried to look past this while I was there because it was about spending time with my family and I do recognize that it is a well used Bach, lots of visitors passing through.  Just think maybe I would give a 3star for cleanliness. 5star for location, house and view. As there were samples of room to roam about in.  Thanks
Great house for a family. Our grandchildren particularly enjoyed having their own room away from the adults. The house was very well equipped. The beds were comfortable. Being so close to the beach was great and swimming and jumping off the pontoon was enjoyed by all. Highly recommended.
We, a group of 7, stayed at Tapeka Del Mar over 7 nights whilst fishing in the Bay of Islands. We were met there by Clive who had some cold beer on ice and small snacks which were most welcome after the four hour drive from Auckland. We were shown around the house and all its offerings in a short orientation. The house is very clean and well equipped with everything you need. The outdoor deck, modern audio/visual equipment with reasonable wifi was also great. The beds were very comfortable and being able to spread out (some snorers) was a bonus. The absolute beach frontage was fantastic with use of the beach on several occasions. Outdoor equipment with kayaks, whilst not utilized, is available. Clive provided us with local information about cafes, restaurant and attractions. Would definitely recommend.
Clive,  What is there to say! The property is amazing. Clean, perfect location and incredible views and access to Russell. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Simply cannot wait to return in 2019. Amazing place for those reviewing, Clive is great and the property is TOPS! Ta Clive....  Chris  USA
Tapeka Del Mar is really an amazing house in a perfect location. The big, comfortable living space opens right open to an enormous deck overlooking the beach and the sea with a beatiful view of the sunset each night. There’s plenty of room for a big family or even a few families, and the house has everything you need to enjoy this wonderful little neighborhood just outside of Russell. We had an amazing time and our host was awesome!
This is a truly beautiful spot near Russel. You feel the hassles of life evaporating as you pour the first wine on the amazing deck looking out to sea. Our meal out in Russel was fantastic too. The equipment available, which we didn't use, but saw, looked incredible. I would recommend taking cooking oil, as we got caught out with nothing to BBQ with.
You won't find a better spot. On the beach, but also a huge private grass lawn and patio. Kayaks to paddle the bay. A swim platform out in the water. Indoors: spacious, comfortable, modern, clean. AppleTV even! Great kitchen to prepare meals. Laundry was great. Plenty of bedrooms.
Our stay at Tapeka Del Mar was amazing. We were an extended family of 7 and were very comfortable staying in this accommodation. Absolutely everything we could ever have wanted was provided for us and the views were incredible. Sitting on the front veranda taking in the sunsets was a highlight and having direct access to walk on the beach an added bonus. We hope to be back one day and would recommend this holiday option to anyone looking to visit the gorgeous Bay of Islands.
Our visit to Russell, staying at Tapeka del Mar was excellent.   The accommodation was big, very well maintained and situated right on the beach. There were 7 of us staying and we were all very comfortable in the accommodation. The property is very well stocked and the furniture and fixtures and fittings were more akin to being at home rather than a rental property.   There was a huge deck for us to relax in the evening and sip our drinks as we watched the most glorious sunsets. The children could also play on the trampoline on the large grassed area between the decking and the beach.   There is plenty to explore around Tapeka as well. I went hiking round the various local trails for a good 5 hours or so one morning, up to Flagstaff as well as discovering hidden coves.   A little further afield were the town of Russell (lots of interesting history) and just across the water Paihia. We loved being able to forget about what time it was, just enjoying the beautiful scenery and discovering hidden gems as we explored. We had access to kayaks and so we ventured out on the ocean one day, even though it was NZ winter. I would certainly recommend Tapeka Del Mar for a long weekend (or even longer) to relax and enjoy the beauty and tranquillity that Bay of Islands has to offer.
My family and I stayed at Tapeka del Mar for 5 nights in November 2015. After touring both South and North islands for a month, this was our last stop in New Zealand before travelling back home to the UK. I booked the property by contacting the owner through the website. Clive was really friendly and prompt with his communication and very accommodating with regard to payment and our booking.   We drove from Rotorua (7hrs) and arrived late at night. Shortly after our arrival, Clive called to make sure we had arrived safely and that everything was in order - a really nice touch. The house is located just outside Russell, along windy roads (look out for Kiwi) and is set literally a stones throw from a beautiful beach and cove, to the point it almost feels as though it is your own private bay. The house has so many rooms, it would be perfect for a large family holiday. The living/dining area is open plan and has windows that stretch the full length of the house giving you plenty of light. Outside, there is a large decking area, supplied with comfy chairs and a lawn that slopes to the beach. One of our most favourite memories was during breakfast and watching our son run off the decking and chase the gulls whilst wearing his pyjamas!  The house is incredibly well stocked...kayaks, fishing rods, BBQ, numerous beds and a complete stereo/music system which plays outside too!  During our stay we were blessed with amazing weather which meant many days spent on the beach and in the kayaks. I even used the fishing rod and caught a fish (a Porai) just off the big rock (to the left of the property) and cooked it for my family on the BBQ. Our 5 nights in the Bay of Islands felt more like its own separate holiday than part of our New Zealand tour.  The house was more expensive than everything else we paid for in terms of accommodation during our stay in New Zealand, but it was worth every penny. If we didn't live in the UK, I would be back every year! It was quite possibly, the best 5 day 'mini-break' we have ever had.
First stayed here 10 years ago on our first trip to NZ so when mum and dad came out to visit me here I had to take them back! It really is an unbeatable spot. Private lawn that leads straight to the beach, so quiet and stunning at night time. Only a couple of mins drive to the small town of Russell for food supplies (great for the bbq!!) or things to do. House is in immaculate condition with great things to do. (Board games, sound system, dvd's etc) There really is nothing you can fault with the place. You can't beat waking up to the view of Tapeka point and all the boats and the beach... This place really does hold a special place in our heart! Can wait to visit you guys again soon. Worth every penny!!!
Tapeka Del Mar was just marvellous. The location can't be beaten, right on the beach; and the house was immaculately clean and spacious. We had an amazing time, and I'm already looking forward to returning...can't recommend this property enough.
This holiday home is a magnificent way to experience Tapeka point. Breathtaking outlook, beautifully equipped, comfortable beds, plenty of land for the kids to play cricket and the separate living quarters for the teenagers worked beautifully. Just over the hill to the historic and quaint Russell. To top it off the weather was amazing and we were able to experience the hole in the rock, deep water cove wreck dive, amazing island beaches, snorkeling, kayaking and fishing. The boat ramp is a stones throw away and the Bay of Islands is a magical playground for boating. We will be back!
This is our fourth visit to Tapeka del Mar. The house is superbly appointed for small or large groups, very comforably furnished, new and modern appliances, everything has been well thought out and provided for the guests so they have a holiday to remember. It is a hop, step and a jump to the beach, safe swimming for the children and plenty of space to play in the sand. Kayaks are provided with lifejackets for those guests who wish to venture further; the fishing is good and the mussels plentiful. A mooring is available should someone wish to bring their boat and visit all the outlying islands which are not too far away. It is certainly possible to pack a picnic and have a day out. The owner has recently refurbished the front of the house, so the doors now fold right back which opens the lounge on to the large spacious deck. The property is situatied about five minutes from Russell, so easy to reach the local supermarkets, hotels and ferrry.
was so lovely, didnt need to go anywhere. Enjoyed the beach the kayaks , water was warm and so safe to swim thanks for a lovely weekend
Russell in the New Zealands Bay of Islands is a special place.This beachfront home at Tapeka Bay, some 5 minutes from the Russell township is, without question, a "special piece of paradise"! We have stayed at many seaside pocations throughout Australia and New Zealand and this location and house are without equal as a uniquely positioned family oriented holiday rental The website for Tapeka Del Mar says everything about the property and a stay will actually confirm without doubt that all the facilities are first class. This is completed by owners who are both generous and considerate. All I can say is give it a go because I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
A superb location with kayaks & a dinghy to explore the sheltered waters. The kitchen was well equipped with almost everything a large family would require. The sound system/ TV was extensive throughout the house. The games room cum sleep out made it very suitable for an extended family although the well appointed bedrooms in the main part of the house would satisfy a smaller group. There were plenty of games & reading matter to occupy the quieter times. The management were pleasant to deal with especially when the fridge freezer failed on our first night. It was fixed promptly & without fuss.
The sandy beach is the back garden, explore the bays with the kayaks or tin boat that come with the property rental, catch a fish or 2 with the rods available then cook it up on the BBQ. Relax on the deck or retire to the lounge with the open plan indoor outdoor flow! Settle down and watch Apple TV, play a board game or just simply watch the amazing sunsets with glass of wine. Tapeka Del Mar is one of the best places I have ever stayed out within NZ. Great for families. Thank you Clive.
We stayed at Tapeka Del Mar We wanted to escape the daily grind of the city for a few days to recharge the batteries. Tapeka Del Mar located in the Bay of Islands was the perfect choice, only three or so hours from Auckland. Situated right on the beach, it provided the Ideal setting for relaxation or excitement.  Booking was easy, service friendly and the luxury accommodation is of an International standard. We enjoyed walks on the beach, caught a few fish off the rocks which we cooked on the barbeque. Several meals were easily prepared in the well appointed kitchen. Russell Township is only a two minute drive away, where you can enjoy restaurant dining & the quaint Russell atmosphere steeped in history, or take a 15minuite ferry ride or drive to Paihia.  Great place, we loved it! Well be back.
I booked Tapeka Del Mar Beach House for the October long weekend. Some friends of ours did the Annual Coastal Classic Yacht Race from Auckland to Russell and we needed somewhere that was very close to Russell and could accommodate a large group (including WAGs and children of various age groups).   This house is absolute perfection, extremely comfortable in a tranquil location and well provisioned - I will be sure to book it again. It was in the prefect location to sit on the deck and watch the crew head towards the finish line and then close enough to Russell that the WAGs of the crew could head into Russell to meet them as they crossed the finish line. The house has uninterrupted views and access directly to the water and the crew were able to moor their boat just offshore once the race was done and join us at the house.   With such a large group we found the location, views, space and set up of the house exceeded our expectations. The kitchen, large BBQ and deck ensured that meal times were never a drama with trying to feed so many people.   Everything exceeded our expectations - from the well equipped kitchen, large screen TV, Internet Access, Sound System with outdoor speakers onto the large deck, the amazing views, comfortable beds (linen was also supplied which was great), modern bathroom facilities (including an ensuite in master bedroom), ample car parking space, large outdoor dining table, plenty of chairs, games and lots of outdoor space for the kids to run around in and not to forget the safe beach for the children which was great as we could watch them from the deck.   The close proximity to Russell also allowed us the option of dining out at one of the many cafes and restaurants had we not felt like eating in. Russell itself is a beautiful village with many great shops and art galleries to meander through. We also noted on our way home that there is a winery close by – next time we will be sure to visit this and explore the area a little more.   This house is pure paradise and a great destination in any weather and at any time of the year. What a find! Thank you for such a great weekend – we will be sure to tell others about this piece of paradise.
I booked Tapeka Del Mar Beach House for the October long weekend. Some friends of ours did the Annual Coastal Classic Yacht Race from Auckland to Russell and we needed somewhere that was very close to Russell and could accommodate a large group (including WAGs and children of various age groups).   This house is absolute perfection, extremely comfortable in a tranquil location and well provisioned - I will be sure to book it again. It was in the prefect location to sit on the deck and watch the crew head towards the finish line and then close enough to Russell that the WAGs of the crew could head into Russell to meet them as they crossed the finish line. The house has uninterrupted views and access directly to the water and the crew were able to moor their boat just offshore once the race was done and join us at the house.   With such a large group we found the location, views, space and set up of the house exceeded our expectations. The kitchen, large BBQ and deck ensured that meal times were never a drama with trying to feed so many people.   Everything exceeded our expectations - from the well equipped kitchen, large screen TV, Internet Access, Sound System with outdoor speakers onto the large deck, the amazing views, comfortable beds (linen was also supplied which was great), modern bathroom facilities (including an ensuite in master bedroom), ample car parking space, large outdoor dining table, plenty of chairs, games and lots of outdoor space for the kids to run around in and not to forget the safe beach for the kids which was great as we could watch them from the deck.   The close proximity to Russell also allowed us the option of dining out at one of the many cafes and restaurants had we not felt like eating in. Russell itself is a beautiful village with many great shops and art galleries to meander through. We also noted on our way home that there is a winery close by – next time we will be sure to visit this and explore the area a little more.   This house is pure paradise and a great destination in any weather and at any time of the year. What a find! Thank you for such a great weekend – we will be sure to tell others about this piece of paradise.
Our stay at Tapeka Del Mar was fantastic. The holiday home was beautiful and the outlook from the huge deck was stunning!! There was always boats to watch and we even had a visit from a pod of dolphins on the Saturday, dancing in the sea right in front of our holiday home. The owners should be congratulated on keeping the property in prisitne condition and the kitchen was superb. Thank you for wonderful weekend. I highly recommend this property in this little world of paradise!
We stayed at Tapeka Del Mar for a few days in the July school holidays with our five children (16, 15, 14, 13 & 11) and our dog, Rango. Even though it rained most of the time, we had a really wonderful family holiday. There were lots of DVDs and games, and the teenagers even did a jigsaw puzzle (never seen them do that before!). Such a beautiful outlook and setting. Must be stunning in the summertime. My husband and I went out for a meal at the Duke of Marlborough - totally recommend this restaurant. Husband reckons it was the best pork he has ever had. Three fish were caught from the dingy, just out in the harbour ... and in only 30 minutes! Clive was an exceptional holiday "landlord" and phoned us on arrival to make sure we were settled in okay. Really appreciated his thoughtfulness. We will most definitely be back.
Wow, what a location right on the beach with a large flat lawn for a spot of touch football. Nothing like sitting on the deck listening to a little "Adele" with a glass of Sav. Blanc in your hand watching the sun go down over the water, awesome. Clean & tidy with a well-appointed Kitchen. The beds were comfortable & the showers held good pressure. The large bedroom / rumpus room out the back was a great space for our son & daughter to hangout. We struck excellent weather, so plenty of swims & Kayaking prevailed. With a handy boat ramp we managed to catch two excellent feeds of fish. (difficult launching at low tide - not a biggy) Tried a couple of inexpensive restaurants in Russell, but let’s face it you can't beat fresh snapper on the BBQ!  Can't wait till next year............ we'll be back!
We stayed at Tapeka del Mar for 6 days, 14 of us in total (8 adults, 4 kids under 6, and 2 babies). The location is just perfect, the house was impeccable, and we all fit perfectly in the house. We spent every evening sitting on the deck and looking at the sun set in front of us. The garden before the beach was great for the kids to play and run. The trampoline was used constantly! We used the kayaks and dingy constantly. We went out fishing with the kids several times. The only comment I have is that the "upstairs" bedroom needs a bathroom.   This place is heaven!
Such a lovely place to stay & to enjoy the views over the bay to Pahia, and Pip really is the hostess with the mostess! The town of Russell is just gorgeous & only a 5min walk away!
Pip and Oliver right from the get-go made us welcome without being over bearing, we are very independent self drive travelers. Pip and Oli have the balance just right re hosting, allowing the guest to do there own thing, excellent recommendations are available when requested.
Hosts Pip and Oliver certainly made us feel very welcome, looking out for us while leaving us to do our own thing. The accommodation was comfortable without luxury, just what we wanted. Great views and walking access to the town and surrounding attractions. The breakfast was self serve after our complimentary visit to Sally's Restaurant for our first breakfast and the last night barbecue was delicious home cooked food with many stories and laughs to pass the evening away. If you are looking for personal attention then this BnB will suit you fine. As two couples we were fine but if you did not know the occupants of the suite you may find this not as suitable. Vaue for money.
Easy to understand directions led us to Waikare Cove. Plenty of space in this house for the 6 adults. We loved the outside space with the new spa pool and enjoyed looking around the garden with various fruit and pine trees. The large BBQ meant we had a lovely meal with the stunning view and plenty of outdoor seating on the decked area. The walk to the waterfront where the canoes are was very steep meaning we only went once, as only 1 of our group was interested in canoeing. We didn't go to the pool as we preferred the beach for a swim.  The drive to Russell is easy enough and there are loads of places to eat and shop. There is a decent sized supermarket there and has a lovely laid-back feel to the place. The view from flagstaff hill is amazing. The beach at Oneroa was lovely. We even managed to swim with a oenguin.   We caught the ferry and went to Waitangi Treaty Grounds which was really interesting.   I think you can see that we really linked this place. Kathy and Rob checked we were OK and left us to it.
We stayed at this cottage in January 2017 with our family - Sally, Richard, Tom and Finlay. We had the most amazing time. The cottage was superb - an beautiful setting, comfortable cottage with outstanding facilities. Photos and details listed do not do it justice. Kathy gave us a warm welcome. We would definitely stay here again given the opportunity.
The location was superb. We love the view. the house was well presented. It has everything we need. Very convenient. We enjoyed our stay there. Kids love the fact that they can bike, swim, play basketball, darts and pingpong. We definitely will visit again!
This property has to be one of the best properties to have the privilege to stay in.  The house has been beautifully designed and furnished, and we really had the feeling the owner was delighted that we were staying there.  The location was amazing, high up above the waterfront in a secluded bay with every room having a fantastic view over the bay towards Russell and Waitangi.  There is a private path down to the beach and canoes to use to paddle round the bays exploring.  There is a real sense of 'home from home' about the place.  We wouldn't hesitate to go back.
The Paroa Bay Chalet was a wonderful beginning to our adventure in New Zealand. Two friends, who love quiet, natural beauty, great design, good food and fresh air spent four amazing nights at the Paroa Bay Chalet. Our drive to Russell was easily accomplished for our daily outings, but we were always happy to return to such a clean sumptuous living space within which to unwind and find some personal space. We walked to the nearby vineyard and took many photos of the shifting atmosphere. We sat on the porch and read, brought yarn arts, and assembled a small puzzle. Away living at it's very best. We watched the stars at night and said hello to the neighboring cows in the morning. Highly recommended, and worthy of the R&R that we so craved on our vacation.
We booked out all three chalets for our wedding. Claire the owner, was more than accomodating right from the start and went out of her way to help us organise for the day, as well as working for us by preparing and serving all the food on the day. She and her husband were just lovely, as all our guests commented, and did a fabulous job with the food.  We wanted a very low key, relaxed kind of wedding - and I think Paroa Bay Chalets suited that perfectly. The chalets themselves are modern and new and well equipped with things that make a big difference such as toys (if you have bubs - which we did), sky tv (if that's your thing), freshly ground coffee (everyone's thing) and views over vineyards, bush and out to the sea in the distance - something I could have gazed at forever. You feel secluded without feeling isolated. We thoroughly enjoyed our time, as did our families and cannot thank Claire and her husband enough for turning our vision into a reality.
Loved it. Beautiful views, quiet. Within walking distance to top restaurant. Apartment had everything we required. Would definitely stay again & Clare was lovely to deal with
Stayed 2 nights here last year with my parents. Breathtaking view. The chalets were almost brand new and had everything we needed. Comfortable space inside and outside. Very quiet.  I particularly like the floorplan where the two bedrooms are at different ends of thr chalet with the living and dining areas in the middle.  The hosts Clair and Richard were most friendly.  A short drive to Russell town centre where we did the Bay of Islands tour and there were many dining options.
We stayed at Paroa Bay Chalets for two nights over a weekend and it was absolute bliss!  We arrived late Friday night to find the most amazing chalet, very clean and tidy and with everything you could want! Claire made our arrival so simple with easy to follow instructions on how to get there from Auckland - we were very taken with just how easy and stress free it was to organise this stay!  The location and views were amazing - just absolutely breathtaking. To cap it all off, a beautiful outdoor spa is nestled among the trees for your use and it provides pure relaxation.  All in all, an amazing weekend and stay. We are very grateful for this experience and trust that we will be back!
Very nice and comfortable stay. We enjoyed outdoor spa a lot. Just next to a local winery which was close during our stay. Claire is a very warm welcoming host and was pretty easy to arrange the things with her. Highly recommended!
Gorgeous property, modern and provided all amenities, even a washer and dryer, netflix and internet! Although you may not need these things as the view is outstanding and the property is a dream! You can see the ocean in one direction and the sun rises over the mountains in the other. The owners go out of their way to make sure you're delighted with your stay, they even brought us kids books to borrow! The hot tub is so inviting and overlooks the Bay of Islands in one direction and the mountains in the other. The house is glass on 2 sides with shades you may use if you'd like. Perfection, go there now!
We stayed at the Paroa Bay Chalets and had a fabulous time. The chalet was modern, clean, and had everything required for a very comfortable visit. The view was stunning and we would love to visit again. Highly recommended!
Incredible chalet. My wife and I are seasoned travelers who have high standards and these were surpassed from start to finish. The chalet was beautifully finished, extremely comfortable with all the fixtures / fittings / provisions being very well thought out. The location is beautiful - stunning views and extremely peaceful. Lovely bonus to be walking distance to a very nice winery. Claire and Richard were excellent hosts, nothing was too much (lent us toys for our kids when we forgot them). Would love to return and cannot recommend highly enough.
What a fantastic place to stay the accommodation is stunning and the views are amazing. The hot tub is just fabulous you need to sit in this late at night and hear Weka crying and watch the stars at night.  A very relaxing place to stay we loved it.
Brilliant chalets. Stunning views, modern and very well equipped chalets, quite surroundings, friendly owners and even the weather was amazing. Would go back in a heartbeat.
We have just stayed 3 nights at Paroa Bay Chalets and loved it. They have thought of everything from beach towels to picnic equipment to bbq. It was all clean and modern with wonderful views of the bay. Thank you Claire.
Our family stayed in the Paroa Bay Chalets for 6 nights, and loved every minute of it. The chalets are top class, clean, tidy, modern, with wonderful friendly hosts, and have everything you could possibly need for a self-catering chalet. The views from our chalet were simply stunning with ceiling to floor glass. There is plenty of outside space for children to play and explore. We will definitely be coming back again.
This is fabulous accommodation for relaxation with beautiful views. The Chalets are new and spacious, the decor is excellent providing all the amenities needed to enjoy a great stay. 15mins by car will take you into Russell, a very quaint and Historical town, catch a ferry to Paihia to cafes, Restaurants and adventure of the beautiful Bays. On return to the Chalets plenty of time to sit on the deck, glass of wine and light up the BBQ. Four people stayed on our trip and we found it just fantastic and our hosts were a wonderful couple.
We spend 2 nights in Paroa Bay Chalets and we really enjoyed it. We were 2 couples and the chalet was perfect for us because both had a room with lots of space and a bathroom. Very handy!  The living space is also very good with TV and a comfortable sofa but what we really enjoyed was to have a barbecue with this beautifull view and to be in a quiet place.  We really recommend this place as there is really good spots for the ones who like beaches, cruise, fishing or just to relax!
Stayed here over the Xmas break. Peaceful relaxing and a great place to catch up with the family - (with unlimited wireless for the teenager ). Not too far out of Russell to sample the great restaurants and child friendly (unplanned!) swimming. Everything in the accommodation is fresh, new and very clean. Thank you, fantastic hosts.
One of the best holidayhomes we had in New Zealand: modern, well equipped, quiet and scenic place, friendly Hosts...
Absolute best place to get away from the city, ententrainment for family and guests. Chalets are adequately spaced - we love the bbq area and deck. Bring your hammock along and enjoy the wonderful sunset!
Beautiful home in the heart of Russell, very close to all attractions and amenities. However we were disappointed there was no spa/hot tub as advertised. This was one reason we booked the house. This needs altering on the advertisements as we have noticed it is still being advertised as having a spa on different webpages.
The care taken in upgrading and maintaining this unique, historic old house in Russell is clearly evident and enough to recommend it to everyone. Nice backyard, lots of space inside (3 upstairs bedrooms plus downstairs living and kitchen spaces) and even an upstairs, outdoor deck. Great, family run place! I'd stay here again, for sure.
Great view great House. We stayed 4 nights and had a very nice experience. The house is beautiful and complete and just a few steps to reach a privete  beach. Darem was very kind and for sure We recomend this house.
We were more than pleasantly surprised to find that this property lived up to both its photos and marketing material. The owners Karen and Gerry were really great to deal with and we found it to be everything we were looking for for a few quiet days with everything in easy walking distance and would certainly return.
Russell is a stunning place to stay in the beautiful Bay of Islands. The Ounuwhao Harding House is in a perfect location just a short stroll from the centre of Russell and also from a lovely unspoiled beach (Long Beach).The house is full of character with every convenience imaginable but what made our stay so special was Marilyn. She cared for our every need and her breakfasts were simply fabulous - each one was a delightful creation.
We stayed at the Garden Suite (cottage) at this B&B for 3 nights, and found it comfortable and enjoyed sitting on the verandah and eating alfresco in its small private garden. The larger surrounding garden was charming, and fresh cut flowers through out the house added appeal. Marilyn was a a creative cook and her breakfasts featured home made bread and muffins, and some interesting egg dishes. On arrival we were warmly greeted and offered a cool drink and cake.
We spent 5 nights staying in the garden suite of this fantastic B&B, situated 10 minutes stroll from Russell. I can honestly say it was one of the best B&Bs we have stayed in, if not the best. The room was immaculate and had everything that you needed and more.The breakfasts were to die for, not the place to stay if you want to lose weight!! Marilyn's patchwork quilts were truely inspirational. I would reccommend this B&B to anyone without hesitation. Thank you for a wonderful stay.
We stayed in the cottage and my parents stayed in the garden suite. The cottage was spacious which was great because it rained almost the whole time we were there and our 18 month old had lots of room to explore. We put breakables out of his reach and he loved being there. The rooms were lovely as was the bathroom. The decor is dated but this didn't bother me.All in all it was a great family holiday. My parents loved the garden suite and the breakfast that came included. Great value for money in Russell.
Great location and excellent facilities. Supported by 24/7 service for any issues and care. Lovely property and a rare to find, 5 star option in the North of NZ.
SIMPLY OUTSTANDING. The Property was immaculate and the availability of the outdoor BBQ and Spa / Pool made for a very relaxing break.
Spent 4 days here catching up with friends and couldn't have asked for a better place! The Vineyard cottage is beautifully appointed, luxurious and comfortable and the setting with views over the vineyard is spectacular. Loved the privacy and the luxury of having our own pool, Jacuzzi and sauna! Make sure you take time to walk down to the beach for some breathtaking views of Paroa Bay on the way (and stop for a wine tasting at the cellar door!). The manicured grounds are lovely and there are lots of paths available to explore the vineyard. Only a short drive to Russell, but we really didn't need to/want to leave the house! Will definitely be back!
The landscape is incredible at Paroa Bay and the views from the cottage are truly breath taking. The cottage feels very secluded and is great for an escape to the countryside with top class facilities. Ariane and family are very kind and hospitable and looked after us very well. Can't wait to come back and visit again!!
We loved the secluded luxury of this home. The home itself is beautiful--gorgeous light, every amenity you need (including those you wish for such as a pool, grill, and sauna!), lovely furniture--just very tastefully done in an unpretentious yet luxe way. Then the setting is spectacular. You're literally located on the vineyard, but you've got no one around you aside from the grapes and the sea. You can walk down to the tasting room--1-5 minutes depending on how fast you walk--and the staff is down-to-earth, knowledgable and kind. The wine is delicious! This is an ideal place that I'd like to be able to find everywhere we travel--luxurious, clean, quiet, thoughtful and beautiful.
I would not recommend this place. The apartment has an old, musty smell to it and gave me an allergic reaction. It’s not very clean, even grimy in some spots. There are plenty of cobwebs inside and out; I had big spider-like insects crawling across the bed, which made me feel quite uncomfortable sleeping there.  On the upside, the apartment has a big porch and a nicely done bathroom. The owners resolved issues promptly and gave me a ride to the wharf when I checked out, saving me the 25-minute walk to town with heavy bags.  Overall, I cannot recommend the apartment and will not stay there again myself.
Comfortable and charming apartment with lovely view over trees and hills, great bathroom. We loved Russell, and would stay here again. Some might mind no television but we didn't mind a break from it and there is an interesting selection of DVDs. Good to have wifi!
We celebrated my husband's 60th birthday at Blue Oasis with our family and one of his closest friend's from the UK who flew over to surprise him. We were all awestruck by the stunning views from every level. Looking down to Long Beach and then over the water to the islands was magical. Everyday the colours of the water and the sky were different, and the sunrises and sunsets were spectacular. We even saw dolphins swimming and jumping. The house is spacious and has everything you would need or wish for, especially if you love to cook! There was more than enough space for 7 of us and we all had our own bathrooms/ensuites which were very well-appointed. We would definitely like to return again after such a wonderful holiday and thank you Debra for being so welcoming and accomodating. Paradise indeed!
For weary travelers from far away To land upon a Blue Oasis on the Bay, A feast was had by all of us With Garden views and Sea below. Our hearts and souls are filled with flow, Of Kiwi heaven, now we know! New Zealand wine is very dear, But the bottles are too small, we fear. Although our boat was very near, Cyclone Hola kept us here! And with regret we must depart… But Blue Oasis has captured our heart!
Blue Oasis is absolutely breathtaking with its panoramic sea views from all 3 levels of this luxurious home. Listen to the relaxing sound of the waves roll through the house, watch the comings and goings of the beach from your deckchair, and my personal favourite, the beautiful decor, and mesmerising art work that is perfectly placed throught the house completes and compliments in so many ways. A simply stunning, private property that is immaculate throughout, positioned in a convenient location on the hill top of one of the most beautiful Bay of Island towns and close to the magnificent township. Russell holiday houses cannot get better than this piece of paradise. Our family thoroughly enjoyed our relaxing holiday.
It's like waking up in a dream!! Home is impeccable, tastefully decorated, peaceful with big water views from all windows. From it's perch the bay of islands view is spectacular with easy access to beach. The town of Russell is like the Nantucket of NZ. Wonderful town, home and area to relax in. Highly recommended!! A Must!
A sensational stay in the most gorgeous house. Blue Oasis is a true gem - the house, the setting and The View. We loved every aspect especially the warm hospitality extended by Debra. A truly faultless luxury experience ... We cant wait to come back. Thanks so much .... Joel
We spent several days here after a long and tiring trip of Australia and New Zealand and it was Perfect - amazing views of dolphins, yachts ad hang gliders from your deck 1 House is spectacular with a view of the ocean from just about every room. very secluded but ear to the town of Russell which is a quaint little town on the water with several excellent restaurants and small shops. There is also a ferryboat to go to other areas. This is a perfect getaway with lots to offer Don't miss this opportunity
We travelled with a group of 8 to celebrate the guys turning 50. Such a fabulous location, we were blessed with amazing weather. It was such a great house for our group giving us our own spaces as well as a well stocked kitchen, decks, and living spaces. Loved every minute, thank you! FYI long beach has a coffee cart that's the best in town, and can highly recommend chef Fabian for a memorable private catering event!
The house will be long remembered for its quite extraordinary views. To add to its charm, the house is extremely well-designed, furnished and very well kitted out. For anyone wanting to visit Russell and the Bay of Islands area, this would be an excellent base. Museums, food and fishing were the key objects of the visit - all of this and more is on your doorstep. Everything worked smoothly on arrival and departure, and the owner was super-helpful on suggestions for restaurants and things to do. You will not be disappointed!
I had an amazing week at Blue Oasis. Photos do not do this place justice. The entire home was designed to enable every room of the house to have the most incredible views. The house has everything you could possibly need, no matter how short or long your stay. It has the perfect amount of seclusion, yet it is an easy 3 min drive into the adorable, homey town of Russell, where there are all types of restaurants, little shops, and convenient stores. The beach is just a quick walk down the road and hearing the waves crashing on the shore at night puts you right to sleep. The home owners are lovely, and very prompt to return calls or emails. You simply cannot go wrong with staying at this tiny piece of paradise!
Using hyperbole is really the only way to do justice to this house. It has the most beautiful view from every room - literally like staring out across an everchanging painting. The sounds of the waves lulled us to sleep each night and the clarity of the stars was like nothing I’d seen before. We came in the dead of winter, and the weather was perfect - 65 degrees during the day and 45 at night. My wife and came for our honeymoon and are considering remarrying next year just to stay here all over again.
The Villa is both Elegant and Comfortable! The layout is spacious and offers bedrooms on 2 levels which gives privacy for all. The main living space is on the top floor. The views are amazing from every room in the Villa. Great location! We enjoyed the short walk to Town and the easy access to the Ferry. When visiting Russell the only place to Stay!
Everything about Blue Oasis is top of the line. The unlimited views of the bay with a daily "visit" of over 30 dolphins, the sound of the surf lulling you to sleep at night and the close proximity to all the area's attractions are only a few of the highlights. The home is tastefully decorated, immaculate and a kitchen to die for! We will be back!
We recently ended our month long vacation with a stay at the Blue Oasis in Russell, New Zealand. Let me say that it was a perfect ending to a fabulous trip. The Blue Oasis is a little bit of paradise. The property, the accommodations, the view - need I say more. We didn't want to leave the property to venture out. Sitting on the deck was like sitting on the ocean. You can hear the Kiwi Birds cooing at night - wonderful, wonderful. We can't wait to go back for another visit.
This was the ideal spot for us to have a peaceful stay and visit the surrounding area. The downstairs apartment which is very clean and had the amenities we needed,overlooked the Cove. One can also sit in the garden and admire the view. Liliane is discreet, friendly and very helpful.
The attention to detail is very impressive and is an ideal apartment for two couples sharing as it offers two extremely comfortable and well appointed spotlessly clean bedrooms and bathrooms. The living room and kitchen have a WOW factor being both extremely comfortable and enjoying a wonderful view of the sea. The central position of the apartment could not be better its got to be one of the best places to stay in the beautiful town of Russell.
This is the third time we have stayed in this beautiful apartment with stunning views over the water and harbour. It's really comfortable and spotless - the owners have done a great job. When sitting on the balcony you can watch the activity all along the waterfront. The location is amazing! We ate in the Gables Restaurant below - the menu is really good (including local whole snapper). The supermarket and everything you need is close by.
Russell is an iconic destination in New Zealand with historic buildings to visit, beautiful beaches and daily boat trips to see marine life and islands to explore. The Gables Waterfront Apartment is the perfect location for visitors: seconds from the wharf, the historical buildings and the many restaurants and bars. The apartment is spacious, supremely comfortable ....... but the wow factor is the view of the bay and the wharf.
We arrived on 29 December 2017 for a week's stay and were immediately impressed with the apartment and the facilities within the apartment. Beds were comfortable, lounges comfortable and the kitchen had pretty much everything we needed for our meals.  What we didn't realise, and on reflection should have checked beforehand, was that there is NO allocated parking which at this time of year can make it very challenging to get parking close to the apartment. There is parking at the car park next to the town hall and we were lucky to get a park.   Russell itself is a beautiful little village but again at this time of the year is extremely busy with tourists. Major cruise lines arrive pretty much everyday and tender hundreds of people into Paihia and Russell. The apartment is above The Gables Restaurant which has tables outside on the waterfront and whilst I checked reviews there was no comments as to whether it was noisy or invasive so felt comfortable about the location. We could not have been more wrong! Whilst we couldn't hear the patrons inside the restaurant, the people who were outside drinking, eating and smoking cigarette and even cigars until late in the night severely impacted our ability to enjoy the apartment. It was extremely hot and humid during our stay which meant that we needed to have the windows and doors overlooking the balcony open and the stink from smoking was disgusting.   The interesting part of this is that the apartment is smoke free and no children under 10 years old are allowed to stay. If smokers do stay then there are instructions in the guidebook in the apartment that they have to leave to have a cigarette and ensure that no smoke drifts into the apartment! We had to tolerate drunks, smoking and children screaming relentlessly during our stay from the restaurant downstairs (I am a mother and a grandmother so actually love children!).  The restaurant also had speakers which are bolted to just below the balcony which blare out music from 12 noon when they open to when they close which was pretty much midnight. On New Years Day it rained constantly but the music was on all day and night with no patrons sitting outside. I went downstairs at around 9:30pm and asked the staff when we could expect the music to be turned off considering no-one had been outside all day or night. Their response was rude and dismissive even though I pointed out that I was NOT complaining but merely asking a question. Their response was that we were above a restaurant and to suck it up. They also have a bar out the back called Hones which pumps out pizzas and beers etc so be prepared to have the constant smell of food and noise coming from the back of the apartment where the bedrooms are. Staff also bang around slamming doors and making as much noise as possible whilst packing up at the end of the night. There is absolutely no regard for the guests above them.  A word of warning that The Duke of Marlborough Tavern which is located on the street behind us also get an extended licence until 3:00am for bands to play. We were lucky that they mostly shut down around 2:00am and then we could sleep!  To be brutally honest, as seasoned travellers we were naive to think that being above a restaurant would be OK and take full responsibility for booking there. I am however extremely surprised that no-one has raised these concerns before.  Would I recommend The Gables Apartment - no I wouldn't but not because of the actual apartment. They do need to provide fans which would allow guests to close the windows and doors and get some air. I purchased a small fan for my room which I left there and this made a huge difference to my sleep. The major issue is the restaurant downstairs and the noise.
Simply a lovely, stylish, well appointed apartment in a superb location and in a great historic property right on the Strand. Jenny and Robert were great to deal with. Helpful in every way.  Great value. A pleasure in every way. Thoroughly recommended.
A wonderfully appointed two bedroom apartment overlooking gorgeous Russell harbour ... style and quality plus right on the waterfront. Highly recommended.
This is a wonderful place. A few steps from the beach and with absolutely everything provided in top order, this is the ideal option.  We arrived the day before the town filled for the Birdman Festival, so enjoyed a crowded and later, a usual version of the population. All fantastic fun.
Good to see after several years of usage (and reviews) this comfortable and cleverly designed accommodation venue is still spotlessly clean, immaculately presented and tastefully decorated. As a previous reviewer has implied, a perfect blend of history and contemporary comfort. Hard to imagine a better location in the historic and beautiful seaside village of Russell, literally a short stroll to any shop or attraction in the immediate area or a short ferry trip across the Harbour to the busier, larger Paihia.
Went for a weekend with two couples. It was the perfect weekend always. Beautifully furnished with spectacular views right on the water. Highly recommend it to all. The Gaybles restaurant below was amazing as well.
We had a 3 night stay. The fire kept us warm and cosy at night and the facilities and comfort of the apartment made for an enjoyable stay. This is an ideal place to enjoy some self catering luxury and within the hub of the highlights of Russell. We heard the restaurant downstairs a couple of times but it wasn't intrusive (nor was it that busy).
The Gables apartment is as beautiful as it looks in the photos. The apartment is immaculate and beautifully decorated, a truly gorgeous place to stay. The location is also the perfect place from which to enjoy Russell and the Bay of Islands.  The master bedroom with its own bathroom is on the very top floor of the apartment, and from there you can hear gentle waves on the shore below. The other bedroom is at the back of the apartment and very quiet once the Gables restaurant below closes. I was a bit concerned about staying above a restaurant, but it was very quiet and just added to the ambience.   The kitchen is outfitted better than my home kitchen! There's everything you might possibly need, including an impressive selection of wine and champagne glasses, in case you want to enjoy a few drinks on the balcony overlooking the water.   Overall, it was an excellent place to stay!
Stayed at Cathy and John’s place for 2 nights at the end of our 2 month tour of the south and north Islands. It is a beautiful haven with their lush gardens and water views. There are little surprises sprinkled throughout the garden along with the bird calls and occasional moo’s from the cows in the distance. The little house is small but has everything you could possibly need and then some. It’s nicely decorated and very clean. We arrived to a bouquet of fresh cut flowers from the garden, fresh cut herbs and an amazing breakfast basket with eggs, muffins, toast, muesli, and homemade jams along with fresh yogurt, milk and butter in the refrigerator. Thoroughly enjoyed our time there and would love to return. Easy access to surrounding areas and nice to return to peace and quiet at the end of the day and a very good selection of dvds. Would HIGHLY recommend their accommodations!
We stayed for 2 nights in Autumn. It was the perfect spot for quiet relaxation. Breakfast basket was delicious. All the amenities provided added some luxury to the cottage. Although located near the owners property, there was privacy but also room to wander and explore. We borrowed the owner's kayak and ventured out for some marine exploring, and Cathy and John made this easy by lending boat shoes etc. This far up the harbour, it's very still and a great area to bird watch and explore the inlets. The only downside was being limited to either side of high-tide due to water access, but that stopped us lazing in bed too late so no big deal Location is great, a short drive from Kaiwaka township with shops, cafes etc. Good base for exploring local areas like Waipu etc. a
Second time for us at Powai Cottage/ Lodge and couldn't wait to get back to a place where we feel enveloped by care in a tropical paradise. The views over the Kaipara harbour are stunning - changing with the light every hour of the day. Attention to detail is Cathy and Johns strength as well as being so welcoming and friendly. Luxurious beds with quality linen, FULLY equiped cottage for self catering. And the breakfast...yum....most of which comes straight from their garden like the tasty berries to name one. We took our extended family this time who loved their experience - two days felt like a week of relaxation and the outdoor candle lit bath was a highlight.  We all left feeling like we were leaving behind our friends. No request was a problem. Many thanks Cathy and John. We will be back. I promise.
Powai Studio Cottage is perfect for those wishing for beauty, seclusion, comfort and a garden with a view. Cath and John were there to greet us and show us to the cottage where there was an extraordinary, more than generous, completely unexpected complimentary breakfast (muesli, fresh fruit, homemade marmalade, fresh bread, greek yoghurt) plus TWO tins of homemade baked goods (anzac biscuits and savoury muffins). The cottage is modern, spotless, and well decked out with new utensils, pots and pans and an ample selection of plates and cutlery. The Marimekko linen was a lovely surprise, the toileties better than most hotels, and the bed very comfortable. There are stunning views out to the lush garden and beyond that the majestic Kaipara harbour (the largest enclosed harbour in New Zealand). The garden is buzzing with bumblebees, monarch butterflies, wood pigeons and even a Tui or two. We highly recommend Powai for a classic Northland experience.
If you're looking for Food for the Soul - Peace, Tranquility, Bush walks, Views with only the sound of the birds and bees, then this accommodation is for you. A wonderful, self contained cottage nestled privately on the edge of native bush. Stunning views from the deck and even from sitting up in bed! A very well appointed cottage with kitchenette, bathroom and comfortable beds. Everything you need to make this slice of Heaven so enjoyable. Owners, Cathy and John are friendly and approachable. Wander through their large country garden of vegetables and fruit - a Gardener's Paradise. We will definitely be staying here again.
After a long flight from the UK and the hustle and bustle of Auckland, Powai is the perfect place to slow down and appreciate New Zealand's simple life.  Powai is an easy drive from Auckland, and once you start following the dirt track you begin to get an idea of what is in store for you. The distance from the main road means there is no traffic noise to wake you up, only bird song and the smell of coffee. If you are up in time then watching the sunrise from the deck (or your bed) is pretty special. If you are a nature lover then there are plenty of birds, plants and fruit trees to spot in the garden. You'll find plenty of books around the accommodation to look up the local wildlife, or ask the hosts Cath and John who will help you with anything from bird watching, fishing spots or tide times if you want to get out on the kayaks.  The facilities are more than ample if you want to cook for yourself but the evening meal and breakfast that the hosts prepared were delicious. I found Powai very well positioned for exploring the North Island, staying there on two separate occasions during my visit. As mentioned it is just 90 minutes from Auckland, Waipo Cove is a stunning surf beach about 40 minutes East, and the Bay of Islands to the North is both a beautiful and a historic part of New Zealand. Whether you are a Kiwi wanting a break for a few days or travelling from overseas you will have a very comfortable and relaxing stay at Powai Lodge.
We arrived in Orewa during a storm. We were disappointed until our hosts, Dave and Lindley, helped us to think about alternative plans. After finding out our interests - hiking and beaches, they sent us to two great locations: Shakespear Park and Murawai (on the west coast). Both were great. They were such helpful hosts in many other ways , honoring our every request i.e. duck tape to repair a broken suitcase and asking for any special food needs. After finding out what we liked to eat they filled our frig with food - fresh fruit, bread, yogurt.... One day they even lent us their bicycles so that we can take a bike trip around an local estuary. The accommodation was large and spacious and there was good wifi.
You get what you pay for, and then some. A really nice, well thought out space, fantastic large courtyard, a few steps from the beach, that is what you've paid for. The 'And then some' is a nicely stocked fridge, fresh free range eggs in the kitchen, fresh bread, a good bowel of fruit, nice bathrobes, bath towels and beach towels etc. For us the owners went above and beyond, we booked for two nights (fri, sat) but very bad weather stopped us from going on the Friday, as no one was in on the Sunday they offered us that night if we wanted it - just shows you what kind of people they are! Excellent stuff.
This is a high end holiday home attached at the garage to the owner's house. In Owera town, directions are: West Hoe then right on West Hoe Heights uphill to right on Ngahere Views, left on Roberta Crescent through roundabout and left on Raku Views. I include this information as GPS could not get us here, given newness of area. The house has a large main room with the kitchen at one end with a large stone counter top, bar stools, a dishwasher and a full frig. Up three stairs is the hall to the full and spacious bathroom with a full tub and shower. The bedroom has a large cupboard and an excellent bed with sliding doors to a secluded garden. The lighting throughout the house is exceptional with options for full brightness or task functions. There is an entrance to the garage that is carpeted with a washing machine and clothes drying rack. Many hangers were also provided in the large bedroom cup board with shelves. A modern TV and good Wi-Fi are included. The view from the entrance over the ocean changed constantly in the different lights, and we had some lovely sunsets. We parked our rental car right at the side of the house on a paved driveway. The communication with the owner who we met on our last day was excellent. A lock box with the key enabled us easy access on arrival. Orewa is a lovely beach community and there are many Nature Reserves in the area for hiking, picnics and swimming. In town, there are many restaurants and coffee shop, but we loved the Countdown and New World grocery stores that catered to all our cooking needs. in short, this is one of the best properties that we have ever rented in such a lovely locale - and the weather cooperated too!
A beautiful property, super facilities with excellent local provisions provided by hosts - in our stay wine, cake, bread for toast, honey & milk. Our family loved the pool and tennis court (although to say we played tennis is stretching it a lot!) the local beach is quiet with beautiful turquoise waters (although the sand is taupe coloured which I guess is common in NZ). We also visited the nearby cheese shop and local winery cellar door which we're excellent too. We'd love to return & would recommend.!
Once you fly in First Class, you can't go back to Coach. But after you fly on a private jet, even First Class seems like a commodity. That's analogous to Te Muri Ridge--once you stay here, even the nicest resorts will seem like a commodity.   It was amazing how many thoughtful details had been care for in designing and equipping the Barn. To call it a barn really understates the accommodations--its GQ (Guest Quarters) with a bedroom, kitchen, breakfast area and living space. The GQ has a private deck with grill and dining table, and there's an outdoor patio area with fireplace that's stocked for an evening fire under the stars. This B&B also has a spa tub, private infinity pool and a tennis court. And I'll mention the indoor parking because that was really convenient.  Te Muri Ridge is a long way from the airport, so we hired an Uber the first night to get there safely and directly. The location in the Mahurangi national park is a bit remote, but that remoteness is the key to stunning views, access to the water and wildlife. When we rented a car to explore the north end of the island and to drive to the west coast, it was really convenient to be out of town when we started.   We learned to press coffee on this trip and found that having a kitchen allowed us to buy the food and drinks that we wanted, grill steak and fish to our liking, and enjoy the quiet beauty each evening brought. Brian and Anna are such gracious hosts--thanks for showing us some sites in Auckland and saving us another Uber expense.
We only had 1 night here which was definitely not long enough, if you are looking for peace and tranquility, luxury accomodation with all the finishing touches then look no further. This is an amazing place, very private with use of the spa and swimming pool which is divine. Own patio area which has an open fire and a tennis court.  Beautiful sea and country views and their little dog Stella who wanders up to say hello is so cute. Great base for exploring the area with an array of beautiful beaches and walks.  Definitely recommend.
You need to look no furtther. All the comments onTe Muri are very true.  Anna & Brian really care about you and your stay, their kidness have no match. We haven´t been treated so nice. They are very generous on sharing this incredible place with the rest of us. The barn is excelent....you won't believe the views from it!!!  Lots and lots of places nearby to visit and enjoy. If you are thinking on staying a week or less, you will not be wanting to leave.  We stay 15 days and every one of them was a blast. We´ve had one of the best family vacations ever.  We can´t wait to visit them again and highly recommend to anyone to stay Te Muri.
First of all, you cannot go wrong with this holiday home. It is brilliant. Read on for more details or just go ahead and book it. You will not regret it.  We felt very welcome by the owners, Anna and Brian. It felt like we were the first guests to ever stay which is a wonderful example of Anna and Brian's 5-star hosting skills. On arrival inside there was a home baking including a heart-shaped cake (extremely thoughtful and yummy - thanks again Anna!), card and bottle of wine waiting for us, and even rose petals in the bedroom.  We stayed during New Years Eve and Brian invited us for celebration drinks which was really lovely and thoughtful. A great person to chat to (thanks Brian!).  The Barn is in a perfect setting with great views to be enjoyed through floor to ceiling windows in the lounge and bedroom. It is even better than the photos show. Quite a grand set of steps lead up from the driveway near the amazing outdoor fireplace area which is situated near the Barn. We did not get to try the fire as it was lovely hot weather but it would be great in the colder months. The kitchen is excellent and has everything you need. Bathroom very nice.   Loads of extras here. Board games, DVDs, Sky TV, large TV, candles, air-con, BBQ, deck chairs (including loungers), dressing gowns & slippers, swimming towels, kayaks, etc!   The Barn has a relaxed clean modern feel and it was so easy to just really relax. The couch in the lounge is super comfy!   The swimming pool is over at the main house and not to be missed. It has a draw dropping view of the bay. Guests are made to feel welcome to go for a swim at any time.  Overall we found it a superb spot for relaxing and also a great location – easy drives North to Matakana etc, and South to Auckland (just mind the traffic at peak times!).  Thanks Anna and Brian (and Rebecca and Stella!)
Te Muri Ridge is a fine example of a coastal NZ property. The design, the attention to detail and the quality of the finishing touches are beautiful. The native planting and the view from the pool is one of a kind. Thank you so much Brian and Anne for your kindness, generosity and warmth and of course all those gorgeous treats we discovered along the way !! This is truely a piece of paradise and we will definitely be back again - no doubt time and time again.  The barn, the outdoor living space and the outdoor fireplace along with all your gorgeous artworks and artefacts are beautiful You have done a wonderful job and have created an idyllic property in a stunning part of NZ Thanks
We LOVED Te Muri Ridge! We had all the comforts if home with the luxury of a 5 star resort. Anna and Brian thought of everything. I have a gluten allergy and an autoimmune disease so having the option for gluten free breakfast and all natural bath products was so appreciated. The views alone from the property are worth the stay! Incredible location near Auckland and a few fun towns and a 5 min drive to the regional park and beaches. Sullivan's Bay was nearly empty both times we went and calm enough to swim in. The pool was chilly but Brian made sure the hot tub/spa was ready for us when we came back one night and we enjoyed wine under the stars. We took a day trip to Paihia and took a 4 hour cruise around the Bay of Islands on Explore NZ. A must do! Anna's recommendations on restaurants nearby were spot on. The outdoor fireplace was nice to come back to that evening and relax. Stella, the family border collie, is a sweetheart and will keep you company outside! Absolutely stay at Te Muri Ridge and you will not be disappointed!
I don't write reviews but this is so exceptional I should broadcast it!  After completing months of hard work, my wife and I decided to take a vacation in New Zealand to get some fresh air and decompress; went online and found "Te Muri Ridge" vacation house.  “Te Muri” is situated in Mahurangi, a seaside suburb within one hour’s drive from Auckland Airport. In Maori, it means “breeze". Its main attractions include a secluded villa, sheltered bays, serene beaches, native shrubs, vast pastures, natural parks, etc., etc..  Visualizing in our mind the tranquility and beauty of the place, and without a wink, booked a week's stay online. Price is reasonable, inclusive of breakfast, free wifi and… a bottle of 2009 Mahurangi wine!  On arrival, we were totally stunned. It turned out to be a detached residence (“The Barn”) for two (up to a family of 3) of about 150 square meters, with living room, dining room, kitchen, bathroom, laundry room; toiletry, cooking, entertainment, games and other amenities were plentiful and complete; the king bed was big and comfortable. Adjacent to the property was a private tennis court. Interior layout was exquisite and elegant. The owner had lived many years in foreign countries and collected lots of authentic ornaments, tastefully displayed. The house has huge cathedral like glass windows to the floor, overlooking one side into rolling green hills into the distance, with sheep grazing freely and birds singing, then the other angle into ships sailing in peaceful water. Recalling these moments now is delightful.   The owner family of “Te Muri Ridge” owns 140 hectares of pasture land, but builds its home on the hilltop with 360-degree wide-angle views of the sea, rolling valleys and national parks. This “Barn”, the vacation rental, is 200 meters away and can be most aptly described as the Chinese poet says, "far from the hustle and bustle; forget all worries of the world."  Will staying here for one week be boring? No! 5:30am got up to watch the sunrise (sunrise in New Zealand is world-famous); after breakfast, drove 5 minutes down rolling hills to a nearby beach for a swim or canoeing, watched birds flying in flocks, soaked in beauty of the islands afar; after shower, lunch at the close-by mall with specialties like fresh homemade pies, cheese and organic ice cream; in the afternoon, one could watch a movie (we’re big fans) at a uniquely decorated theater, or visit the pottery factory, bee farm. sculpture museum, etc. Back at the “Barn”, after a nap, one could cook a delicious dinner, invite the owner for a game of tennis or just relax. Hiking in bird sanctuaries and national parks are educational and healthy options. Of course, not forgetting fishing on shore or rented boat!!   Seven days went by in an instant. Recollecting these carefree, private and relaxing moments, my wife and I still memorize the fun and enjoyment now. After returning, our whole bodies feel fully recharged, refreshed and serene.  Sincerely, next time when there is a need for a quiet and peaceful holiday, “Te Muri Ridge” will always be our first choice ! ! !
The new Te Muri Ridge was such a surprisingly tranquil, secluded paradise that my husband and I extended our 2-day stay in mid November to a week, yet never got bored!   We flew into Auckland International Airport and found the Te Muri Ridge easily within an hour on a ridge with 360 degree views of rolling green hills and national park on one side, and amazing sea view with islands afar on the other. Yet it's close to Auckland and other quaint towns. We walked to secluded beaches, soaked in the sunset while enjoying the frolicking flocks of baby birds, kayaked in the ebbing river into the sea, swam and fished in the ocean, hiked the myriads of lovely trails, played tennis, drove to the amazing, rugged West Coast with thousands of gannet birds on cliff tops, chilled out in the privacy of the modern, elegant "Barn"... We visited and highly recommend the Tiri Tiri bird sanctuary, cheese factory, open air sculpture park ( a "must-see" of international standard), a specialized pottery and even enjoyed an award winning movie in an interestingly decorated cinema house. The local fresh produce, fish, lamb, freshly baked pies and organic ice creams more than satisfied our culinary buds!   The reservation process was fast and smooth. Anna the host was not only warm and welcoming but ensured privacy. The "Barn" is a standalone property that's modern, elegant, cleaner than clean, with detailed touches and provisions that reflect the hosts' understanding of what international vacationers look for; no wonder -- we learned they are avid global trotters who have lived overseas for many years.   We high recommend this property to those seeking tranquility and/or activity-filled vacation. We had a great range of choices!!  Thank you, Anna and Brian, for all the low-key behind the scene attention to details that made our stay so wonderful. You even "ordered" flashy local birds to visit and sing to us!! I hope my posted photos help convey at least a bit of the ambience. We will be back!!
We were extremely impressed with this beautiful property. The accommodation was outstanding. Brian and Anna made us very welcome, The Highlights for us were the bedroom with its huge window where you really do fall asleep under the stars, the walk to Temuri beach, the magnificent views, over rolling hills down to the coast. Anna suggested a trip to the nearby Pouhi cheese factory. Their 7 year old cheddar was the best ever. Temuri for us was the perfect end to our holiday, it was so peaceful, the property was spectacular, we came away feeling very refreshed. We plan on returning next holiday. We can highly recommend this accommodation.
So loved our night at Rachel’s B & B ....wished we could have stayed a lot longer ... A special place, quiet, peaceful , tranquil ....so relaxing ...stunning views only interrupted by 2 gorgeous Alpacas , equally photogenic !! Spotlessly clean, comfortable bed, pillows, towels etc ...extremely well appointed .... Loved sitting outside listening to the Tuis in the nearby bush ....unfortunately we had a bit of rain but still loved our visit to the stunning beach .... Extremely good and well recommended ...hope to revisit and will certainly be recommending to travelling friends ... Well-done Rachael ....
We lucked in when we chose this B & B - Rachael was a great host - breakfast just fantastic and it was self contained with separate lounge, toilet and bathroom with everything you could possibly need from picnic pack to beach towels, robes, chocolates on the bed and homemade preserves thrown in. It is right on the doorstep of the regional park with beautiful beaches, panoramas and walks. Not to mention a short trip drive from the wineries and market and Matakana. Have already recommended to friends.
At a recent family occasion our home was already overflowing with family, yet we needed accommodation for our friends who had travelled to attend. Our local B & B provided the perfect solution for us. Our friends commented that they enjoyed a very comfortable stay in a stunning location!
Hill top location provided great views in all directions; the rural setting was peaceful and the accommodations had all the amenities - expresso machine, microwave, wifi - to name a few. Rachel made allowances for our erratic schedule and made sure we were aware of the attractions that were of interest and not necessarily in the guide books. We spent 12 nights there and enjoyed every one!!
Situated just 25 mins from Downtown Auckland Harbour, and 40 min from the surf of the beautiful west coast beaches, this haven of comfort , is the perfect retreat for the traveller interested in all that is unique about New Zealand.  The beautiful Tui birds and their song, the wood pigeons, the fantails are all around, but that is because all the best native forest is also wrapping us up in it's embrace. That Mother of the forest, the ancient massive Kauri, is just 20 yards away, surrounded by all the evergreen unique rain forest of ancient New Zealand. Titirangi, the local forest village, is a prosperous arty secret of sprawling Auckland, with shopping, restaurants, and beaches nearby.  Our hosts, have set this spacious apartment out with tastful furniture, fully fitted kitchen, and a large sun deck to relax on. Wifi is a welcome addition, and we just wish we could have spent more than the 6 nights booked in this oasis of all that is good in life.
City-Bush retreat is everything we could have hoped for.  It's location is even better than we expected. It took us about 20 mins to half an hour to get there from Central Auckland. It is located within the most beautiful nature reserve. There are neighbours but the houses are all well secluded from each other by heavy bush/forest. It is located 5 mins drive from the centre of the small village of Titirangi with a few cafes, art gallery and local amenities such as doctors surgery and supermarket. It is also 5 to 10 mins drive from a couple of pretty little quiet bays/beaches. There are many other beaches within a short drive. The property itself is very well furnished with just about everything one could hope for. I have rented many rental properties for holidays in the past and I would say that this is about the best one I've ever rented.  The owners reside in the accommodation underneath the rental property. I felt they attained the perfect balance of being helpful and informative without ever intruding on out privacy. I fell this property is priced slightly higher than some others but the cleanliness and overall quality of the property and it's location makes any little extra expense more than justified.  Would I recommend this property to others... Yes without hesitation.
This beautiful one bedroom apartment is an absolute delight. Spacious and airy with wrap-around decks to make the best of sun (or shade) overlooking native bush. Wonderful exotic feel yet only 25 mins from cbd Auckland and about the same to the airport. The village of Titirangi offers many coffee/eating opportunities and is easily walkable. Immaculately clean with fully equipped kitchen and excellent shower. The charming but discrete hosts are extremely helpful and have supplied just about everything you could possibly need! From walking maps to hair dryer.
From the first time we saw the City Bush retreat we wanted to stay there. And it was everything we hoped for-beautiful, restful, close to both Auckland and nature! Plus it has a waterfall and glow worms! We made a fire and read and listened to the rain when it rained, and enjoyed the area, beaches. The place itself is filled with light and the smell of wood (loved that), with a beautiful full kitchen, a bedroom with views of trees, and a light, modern bathroom. Honestly this was one of our favorite places that we have rented.
We stayed at this beautiful cottage for 2 nights and used it as a base to visit Auckland, beautiful Waitakere ranges and Piha beach. This warm, comfortable 2 story cottage has everything you need for a self-contained stay. Modern kitchen and breakfast provided. Delightful host Elke was friendly & helpful, provided walking / tourist info, books and cool NZ movies (we had just been to Hobbiton so appreciated rewatching Lord of the rings!) and yummy biscuits. I have given accommodation 5 stars however only thing to mention is although hosts were quiet & very respectful of privacy the cottage was just next to main home, most people wouldn't care however if you were wanting a privately remote location it may be considerable. Otherwise very happy.
Lovely hosts, the whole family were helpful and friendly. Well equipped cottage with character. Great location, so close to Glen Eden restaurants, shops etc but away from the hustle and set amongst beautiful native bush, and not far from Piha.  Wish we could have stayed longer.
My daughter (2 yrs), my husband and I have stayed in this great cottage for one month and enjoyed every moment. Elke, Nik and their two grown children were really nice, warm-hearted, open-minded and helpful at any time. On the other hand, they respected our privacy so that we've had the feeling to live in our own little cottage with great cooperative neighbours. Elke has helped us a lot with finding great places to visit or getting medical help nearby. The cottage itself is a really unique place to stay. Situated about 35 minutes to Auckland CBD in the heart of a dense beautiful jungle the cottage has everything which makes your stay pretty convenient. The kitchen is well appointed with lots of cooking and baking accessories as well as some nice magazines next to a flat screen television with great nature DVDs. The Wifi internet connection was very stable and fast. Next to this, the cottage has a nice terrace with a BBQ, sun umbrellas and a buggy board. We've really appreciated the peace in this place!! At night we could hear from time to time a Kiwi bird calling which was really special. There are some great beaches next to this place, with about 20 minutes by car. Our favorite one was Piha Beach which is really an amazing location to relax yourself, go for a run or to surf in the high waves.   We really recommend this place because of its individual character and due to the great hosts which have made our holiday to a great experience with lots of loving details like bringing us freshly catched and cooked fish or inviting us for an Easter breakfast or pizza barbecue.
We loved our stay at Kauri cottage. Elke, Nick, Ben and Nadia are truly wonderful people and made our stay super special. The cottage is lovely, clean and very well equipped. It's located an easy drive into CBD and some spectacular beaches. This family will do literally anything for you, but if you prefer privacy, then that is also respected. We highly recommend this place!
Lovely location - walking distance to the Matakana Village, Saturday markets and restaurants. Really enjoyed our stay - cottage is set within a group of 3 down a long driveway, so you are set back from traffic and each is reasonably private. The owners are lovely, the cottage is clean and cosy with a whimsical red theme scattered throughout. Great for two people and it was also wonderful to relax under the pegola and enjoy the bush around you.
Thank you for a lovely stay. Great location for the weekend markets. We enjoyed this cosy cottage and will definately consider staying again.
Absolutely delightful cottage set amidst your own private gardens and native bush. We enjoyed the plush comfy beds, scrumptious make your own breakfast, the gorgeous views, tranquility, birdcall and much more. Katherine and John are very helpful and happy to help where needed. Highly recommend, thanks so much for avery restful stay.
The perfect place for a quiet weekend away. Complete privacy, rarely seen views from the elevated private site and bird life all around the cottage. Wonderful hosts, spacious cottage. Will definitely be back.
This cottage is very cute, has everything you need and is very private. The view from inside is fantastic. Unfortunately, the hedge in the garden blocks the view when sitting outdoors and is possibly a breeding ground for the biting insects that swarm in on sunset.  Although the distance to town isn’t huge, it’s hilly, so a car is really necessary. We were aware if this. We used public buses a few times, but a walk is still necessary to the main road.  Unfortunately the heat and insects were very bad during our stay. With no insect screens, ceiling fans, or air-conditioning it was very difficult to sleep.  We received an email a few days prior to our arrival warning us that if we were not careful with water usage there was a real chance the water would run out during our stay. Given the recent heavy rains in the area I took this as something the owner sends regularly to discourage heavy water usage by paying guests. A bit over the top perhaps!
We had been trying to get up to Waiheke for some time. The Point on Burrell was a great looking option for us so we snapped it up during Waiheke’s busiest period.   The place it’s self is wonderful. Clean, spacious with a great kitchen, bathroom, bedroom (bed bit soft for our liking) and a beautiful outside deck.  We were forewarned about The Points proximity to local shops, it’s quiet a hike back up Burrell Road with a 6 month pregnant partner.   We happened to pick a bad time to visit Waiheke with a storm triggering power cuts and significant delays with the ferry (which is rare) so our trip was dampened somewhat. This wasn’t the fault of the property obviously.  The points biggest asset is the owner Dan, despite some of our problems with mother nature he was very helpful and communicated well.   Recommended
This is the second time we have stayed, its lovely and quiet, with everything you could ask for, Great for the 2 of us, to relax. We hired a car this time and that was great to get around in. We arrived a bit early but that was not a problem.
We had a lovely stay here over easter. Bedroom area and view is so very nice. Its helfpul to have a car based on the location. Although there are bikes to use. Owner is very quick to respond to emails. Would stay again
This fantastic Waiheke hideaway is a perfect retreat from a busy Auckland life. It's tranquil and the views are to die for. It is extremely well maintained and the owners go the extra mile by providing the amenities that a visitor requires, like chocolate milk tea, juice etc. I loved the beautiful linen and white towels. The decor is neutral but contemporary and well maintained.   Enjoyed our time here more than our stay at the Langham!
The one bedroom house is located in a great spot, and has a nice layout. It is well presented and equipped and has stunning views. The interior could do with a repaint as it smells musty and there was evidence of mould on the walls behind curtains. The biggest let down is the bathroom - the shower is open on one side and the result is a flooded bathroom every time the shower is used, no matter how hard one tries to be careful. Not great in winter with wet towels everywhere to mop up the water.
My husband took booked this home for our honeymoon and it was absolutely perfect. Great views of the water, clean, modern property, and really close to the village. We highly recommend this location if you are planning a trip to Waiheke.
i went with my husband and my young baby. it was perfect, the view was amazing. the place has everything you need, it's clean and complete. you don;t need anything else, only hiring a car.
We couldn't have wanted for more. The house is just gorgeous. The view just spectacular. So close to town and wineries. Exceeded all our expectations. We can't wait to come back :)
This place has it all. Amazing views from the bedroom, a short walk to the beach, 2 mins drive to Oneroa where you will find good restaurants, coffee, and deli's if you wanted to bring food home to the fully equipped kitchen.  We loved Waiheke and its natural beauty , the wineries and local hospitality
Great place to visit with family or friends. Drop Anchor has everything you need and is located in quaint Enclosure Bay. Great swimming at high tide (endorsed by the few locals who know about it) It is only 5 mins of the beaten track from Oneroa. We have been to Waiheke many times and we were delighted with this new find.
With the views that you can't buy this place was a fantastic place to stay, a hop,skip and a jump to the beach. Sitting outside and watching the water having a morning coffee playing Candy Crush what a way to wake up! The beach is a 1 minute walk as you are the second house from the beach. The whole of Waiheke Island reminds me of Hawaii, the big Island. The only reason I didn't give it excellent is the beds were uncomfortable for old crocs like us!
Amazing location, beautiful house with everything a family needs. Amenities like the supermarket 5-10 minute walk- beach 5 minute walk. We went for the Marathon as a family and walked to the park where it started and finished.  Was nice to see every room had spare towels Kitchen was updated and plenty of cooking and eating utensils Rooms were clean House was warm Trampoline outside-great for kids Table and bench chairs with lighting outside-brilliant Would highly recommend this place and definitely will stay if we go to Waiheke again Great communication form the hosts:)
Excellent bach, clean and tidy and well stocked with nice linen and toiletry and kitchen supplies. Very close to all of the action in Oneroa. Thank you for letting us stay.
The house was in an awesome location around a 5 min to the main strip of shops and 5-10min to the beaches depending on which one you chose! The house was lovely and open, and we had many great meals on the outdoor table. Liz and Dan were also fabulous hosts! Would rebook again if I returned to the island.
Great family friendly place to stay. Close to so many vineyards and shops in Waiheke and some great walks through the bush.  Kids loved the outdoor areas with all the space to run and play. Heat pump and wall heaters were a blessing. If possible the addition of a dryer and/or a clothes horse for indoor drying of clothes would of been welcome as the rainy weather meant it was difficult to dry the washing! Otherwise we had a wonderful stay. Thank you
Nice and close to town location, had everything we needed, clean and well presented. Would be great in summer! No house number so a little hard to find first time in the dark but otherwise great.
We've stayed on lots of places on the Island but this must be one of the best locations. Just down the road from the Oneroa Village but far enough away to be nice and quiet. We've got two small kids and the house was perfect. Nice flat lawn, big covered deck and a great big trampoline - all in easy view of a couple of very comfortable hamocks. Thanks for the great place, we'll definitly be back!
This house was the perfect place for us. It was clean and had everything we needed for a weekend away, including towels, washing powder, hair dryer and wifi/tv as it rained for most of our stay :( The location is just a short stroll into Oneroa township, and even close enough to walk to (or back from) Mudbrick and Cable Bay vineyards. Lots of grass for kids to play around on if you have any :)
My kids and I were fortunate to stay in early January.  As soon as we arrived the good vibes affected us.  The kids were outside straight away playing on the expansive lawn and I was able to keep an eye on them from the kitchen, preparing food to fuel their boundless energy.  The house was very clean, and it was a real treat to retire to bed and find crisp and clean laundered sheets and duvets.  The location is ideal and on one morning we went to the fantastic library, while we waited for a bit of rain to clear.  We will be back and will use the place as a base to continue our adventures at Waiheke.
Oneroa HQ is a very acceptable rental unit--not luxury as advertised, but it has all of the necessary accoutrements to make for a comfortable stay. It is about a 5 minute walk from Oneroa Village and about the same distance to the nearest beach. The ducks wandering through the house if the doors were left open--and pooing on the floors-- was a downside. Unfortunately it has no views at all--which is a pity since Waiheke has such stunning scenery and ocean views. Dan made the rental process very easy for us.
I booked this for our team offsite and found it to be an excellent space for us to eat, sleep and work out of. Close to Oneroa, we walked to the Oyster Inn for dinner and the following day headed to Oneroa beach. The managers of the bach went out of their way to accomodate our needs and it made for a great stay. Thanks!
We loved our stay in this beautiful house. Conveniently located just around the corner from the main shops at Oneroa village. The house had everything we needed and had a really nice open kitchen, lounge area which opened up on to a big deck! The best bit - a pair of hammocks to hang on the front deck - i could have gone to sleep in them! We'll definitely be back to rent this place again, maybe in summer when we can crank up the BBQ. Thank you.
We had the best time and the property manager was lovely to deal with and gave handy hints for our stay. The house was immaculate and walking distance to the main road of shops in Oneroa. The deck was perfect to sit and enjoy the sun or have a few drinks with friends/family. All of the facilities were top notch. They really went above and beyond to make our stay amazing. Would highly recommend to everyone.
We only stayed here one night but the cottage was lovely and well kept! It was very quiet and walking distance to so many incredible vineyards! Katherine was wonderful and came to welcome us on arrival - she paid attention to detail like writing a welcome note, chocolates on the bed etc. She was also very understanding and flexible when a storm forced us into a change of plans - Thank you! A wonderful stay and we will be back!!
Lovely stay for a night of our honeymoon at the architects dream..... The property is hidden away on the road and from the outside looks like an overgrown plot. Once you get round the side onto the path it becomes a jungle paradise, truly a tent hidden in the jungle! The hot tub and fire pit are a lovely touch and enable you to enjoy the outdoor space.   The inside is minimalist but so well done, with every weird (angled) space used, the bedroom at the front of the house is lovely. Cooker, washing machine, coffee machine etc all there and easy to use along with WiFi and an tablet! Definitely worth a stay if you can while available, really well situated for shops and the beach.   Really excellent communication as well whilst booking and during our stay. :)
The Tent House is great for a couple wanting something different for accommodation; this is a house to enjoy. Beautiful layout, deck, spa, and sleeping. TTH is for a romantic stay.  Night rates are high, but most couples will only stay 1-2 nights.  Check it out !!
Fabulous little Waiheke hideaway in Waiheke Island - and good location with a short walk to the beautiful Onetangi Beach. The property is well set up with all of the mod cons.
We loved Grasshopper, lovely outlook and fab artwork, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would highly recommend.
House had all the mod. cons, was spotless and very comfortable. Well thought out set-up great views to the surrounding area. Beds were comfortable and bedrooms were upstairs away from the living areas and the deck outside looking over the views was enjoyed by all. Close proximity to some of the well-known Wineries, sunshine nibbles and wine on the deck, dinner just down the road at "Charlie Farleys" - ladies weekend was a real hit!
Altogether fabulous! Grasshopper was all we had hoped it would be. A retro bach, with lovely features that added to the ambience. We really had a lovely weekend. Communication with the owner regarding the booking was very friendly and helpful. (Steps to Onetangi beach great for going DOWN..not so good for the unfit like me!)
We had an amazing time. It was perfect for my husband and I and our 2 year old daughter. It was so much bigger than I expected & had everything we needed plus more. The location was perfect so close to a beautiful beach & a cool cafe.
This property was booked for a long weekend with a friend. I found the property to comfortable and well equipped. There was good heating (essential in winter), comfortable beds, a shower with great water pressure. From the property it's a fairly easy walk (with a hill) to the beach.  I found the owner to be helpful and accommodating.  I would stay here again.
Beautiful home. Very spacious. It was Winter when we stayed so we didn't really get a chance to enjoy the big deck but we had two out of the three fireplaces going and it kept the house very cosy.  We also had toddlers with us, so we moved a few of the delicate ornaments away for safekeeping. Fire guards were provided which was really appreciated.  We got to go feed the animals on the farm which was an amazing experience the kids really enjoyed.  Great hosts and communication.  Highly recommend staying here
We recently stayed here for a family wedding and it was amazing. Dan and Katherine were so hospitable.   There are 4 bedrooms but the bed config sleeps about 12. The kitchen is very well equipped for everything you might want / need.   There are some other smaller chalets on the property so it's perfect for larger groups. The kids really loved Katherine taking them to feed the animals.   Was the perfect spot for our family - thanks again guys
Pegasus Lodge is the best place to stay while on Waiheke! Stayed for a few days with friends and loved every minute. The view is unparalleled and the accommodation is very spacious. It is within walking distance to many wineries and a short drive to everything else. We drank our wine on the back deck while watching the sunset each night and it was breathtaking. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Waiheke! Katherine is great and worked to make our stay absolutely perfect! Can't wait to visit again!
Pegasus lodge was such a lovely place to stay on Waiheke. The view from the lodge is breathtaking, overlooking hills of vineyards and the sea in the distance. The location is perfect, only a ten minute drive from the ferry and within walking distance of five of the major vineyards on the island. Thank you Katherine for making our stay on Waiheke truly amazing. I would definitely recommend this place for families or groups of friends looking for a place to stay on the island!
I recently had the pleasure of staying at Pegasus Lodge with a group of friends and we had a fabulous time. It's a great location with lovely views over the vineyards and the open plan style lends itself to entertaining, especially the flow through into the huge open deck. We also loved the spa in the ensuite and the fact that we could open French doors making it an inside / outside experience. Thank you Katherine for making our visit so welcoming and we loved feeding the pigs with you. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to stay on Waiheke Island with family or friends.
Funky Cicada was the perfect cosy and enjoyable place for our stay in Waiheke.The view over the vineyards is just stunning.
We stayed in 'Funky Cicada' bach. It was clean, Tidy and so close to everything. Close to bus stops and Onetangi beach which was just a 5 min stroll on foot. Private and had everything we needed. So happy and will visit again :)  Jazz and Leo
Perfect place to stay to get away from the hussle and bussle of Auckland city for a couple of days. Felt like a true kiwi batch with style! Very clean and tidy. Excellent views looking over a "valley" and very close to the beach where we managed to see dolphins.   If i was to pick just one flaw it would be that there was no indoor sink - but that was no major. Really enjoyed our stay and would recommend to anyone.   Will definitely book here again in the near future :)
Funky Cicada was the perfect place for us to stay as a couple. Walking distance to the bus route and Onetangi Beach. Lovely and cosy even in the middle of winter when it was rainy and stormy outside. We'd love to revisit in summer and make use of the outdoor entertaining space!
A lovely little studio bach which was perfect for our weekend getaway. We had never been to Onetangi before, and the nearby beach is lovely.  Hosts were super helpful- sent us emails with things to do in the area. Bach was perfectly clean and had everything we needed.  One thing to note is there are no supermarkets in Onetangi so you need to bring food or head out to one of the great little bar/restaurants. Also nice takeaways with great pizza just 5 min walk from the bach.  Really good price, great spot and helpful hosts. Thank you!
Great location, excellent service, good value for money. Very clean and tidy and would recommend for a single or couple wanting somewhere to stay
Our first stop in New Zealand. Great cozy studio type apartment. Walking distance to some great wineries and the beach. We didn't rent a car (although that might have been easier) but we did fine walking and using the bus.
Well maintained and very warm, clear instructions as to how to get there, we took the bus and the driver stopped right at the road. Had a lovely stay, thanks highly recommend
I booked Funky Cicada as I was attending a wedding on the island and was solo traveler. The booking process was easy - and the owner Nigel promptly responded to all my questions that I had in relation to the property. He also kindly provided some travel tips for my arrival.  The accommodation is studio style and is shared with the grasshopper property. I liked the interior design of the studio and found the bed extremely comfortable. Tea, Coffee and some milk was provided on my arrival. There is also a fridge, microwave, toaster and kettle which made things easy to prepare a breakfast first thing in the morning.  Onetangi beach is approx 10-15 min walk nearby. The path down to the beach provides a spectacular view. Walking back up the stairs might be a bit challenging - so I opted for a road walk around instead. It's a little longer - but good exercise if the day has been spent lazing at the beach.
Cozy cottage perfect for two people. Though it is on the same property as another rental it still affords privacy and you seldom notice the other people except when they are coming and going. The private seating area in behind the cottage is quite nice and offers a good view, with no neighbour immediately next to the property. Not too far of a walk from the beach though the stairs may be a challenge for some.  Gas station and liquor store nearby for the basics, and the grocery store isn't too far by bus.  A nice bbq to use but keep in mind that cooking options are pretty much limited to this.
Awesome studio apartment - nice and modern and clean. It was perfect for a long weekend on Waiheke while we attended a wedding. Nice stroll to Onetangi beach and bus not too far away.
What a fantastic weekend away. Booking Funky Cicada was easy. Communication with the owners was simple and clear. The accommodation met our needs perfectly - tranquil, peaceful, clean, convenient and great value. And our bond was back in our bank account in no time! Everyone "local" we met on Waiheke was friendly and helpful. The food options were brilliant. We hired a car for two days from Fun Rentals at short notice. That enabled us to explore the island. Man o' War Bay and winery was the perfect place to sit with a beautiful glass of Rose to let the busyness of the year drift out with the tide. And there is still so much more to explore on our next visit!
Great location, very close to all the wineries and waiheke's best beach. like staying in a nice hotel room, only thing that bothered me was that the bed is not designed for anyone taller than average, still slept well though, Lil is great to deal with very friendly and professional.
stunning, smart, warm, welcoming, clean as a whistle and what a view to wake up to in the morning. Easy walking distance to the beach and to walking trails. Gorgeous deck to relax in the all day sun. Such a treat we could hardly drag ourselves back to reality. Planning our return already.
XSpot is simply a spectacular place. The views from the living room and terrace are absolutely priceless. Having traveled through NZ for 3 weeks, we got used to being stunned by Mother Nature and XSpot and GBI was the perfect place to wind down after a thousands of miles on the road. Hilde and her husband were lovely, too, and we had the pleasure of joining one of her star gazing nights. We loved it and highly recommend it. The bumpy ride out there and self-servicing may not be for everyone but in that case Great Barrier Island may not be your first choice anyways.
If Trip Advisor allowed for more than just 5 stars, the XSPOT would get 10! The XSPOT offered breathtaking views, a spacious and modern living space, and was very clean. While Great Barrier Island may not be for everyone, as it is very remote with limited restaurant options, if you are looking to get off the grid and be mindful of energy usage then XSPOT is the place for you. To get to XSPOT you will need a 4WD car as you will need to drive along many unpaved, hilly roads (But this was all a part of the fun, too ;-)
Just returned after four blissful days at X-Spot. On arrival we were met by the friendly owner Hilde and her cat Puké who gave us a quick overview of the island and favourite spots. The bach itself is amazing, the views are priceless. We saw dolphins and whales every night, Kakas, Kingfishers and Tui’s in the garden. Great Barrier Island is defo worth a visit, would suit any type of travellers. If you have specific dietary needs then do bring your own food.
XSPOT is where you should stay if:  1) You want comfort, space, and a home away from home, but with a far better view. 2) A well equipped kitchen, which is important if you’re self-catering 3) Friendly and helpful hosts that respect privacy.   Our time there, and on the island, will always be remembered fondly.   Thank you Hilde, Roger, Puki and Miguel (the 2 friendly cats)!
This is one of those places one hates to review because you want to keep it a secret. But the hostess asked us to review, so here you go.  My wife and I stayed for four days and three nights. We had to tear ourselves away. The scenery is unbelievable, 270 degree view up and down the coast; vast expanse of the Hauraki Gulf, you can see Auckland when it's clear; whales and orcas (we only saw an orca); a fun and gracious hostess; and a cute kitty. The kitchen is complete, the bed luxurious, the accommodation spacious and elegant, essentially mind-blowing.  After a week teaching, I needed peace, quit, and beauty. X-Spot gets a 10 for each of these. I am an internet geek for a living, but did not ask for the wifi password.  Hints: You definitely need a 4WD to get there and out. Shop in Tryphena so you have food, because you will not want to go anywhere. Bring a few good books.
The X-spot is off the beaten track in many ways. It is a long drive to get there, you should have a 4WD, but we had no trouble finding the place or driving the inclines with a Toyota RAV. But the isolation and breathtaking views are just what make this place one of a kind. We travelled New Zealand for seven weeks total, and spent time in so many beautiful places. But The X spot always comes to mind when thinking of the most special place we visited. Hilde and Roger are lovely hosts, never intrusive, and very friendly. The rest of the family are also great, and we enjoyed our conversations with them a lot. We had stunning weather for a week, which made the whole thing all the more special. It might be a bit boring if it is pouring down outside. We also missed blinds in the bedroom windows to keep the light out early morning. All in all this is highly recommended, not to be missed, it you want a one-of-a-kind stay on Great Barrier island, one of the best places in New Zealand all together.
X Spot was truly one of the most amazing places we have stayed. We spent our honeymoon there and had an amazing 10 days. The location is so beautiful, you feel like you've totally escaped, we left feeling absolutely relaxed and recharged. The property has everything you could possibly need to be comfortable. Couldn't recommend staying here more.
This accommodation is all about breathtaking view, serenity and rejuvenating. The hosts 'Hilde and Roger' are very friendly and helpful and made us feel home from the moment we entered the apartment. If you sit on the couch in the lounge facing nothing but beautiful sea all around you won't feel like getting up and do anything else. The kitchen is self-sufficient and has wide range of utensils to cook sumptuous meals. The bedroom has an excellent ocean view as well. I could have never found a more romantic place than this to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. The best Eco-friendly accommodation that we have visited so far. Really looking forward to staying here again soon!
My wife and I stayed at The X-Spot for a weekend away from the kids, Hilde and Roger the hosts were amazing, the location is unbeleivable, the house/apartment beyond our expectations, the drive out there in itself is an awesome experience. We would love to move in there permanently, but what to do with the kids( oh yes boarding school :) A great big thank you to Hilde and Roger for making our weekend away, relaxing and exciting, can't wait to get back for another weekend !
I am reluctant to post this review because we definitely want to return in the future, possibly for a long term stay. If prospective renters fully understand what this house is, it would be fully booked all the time.   For some perspective, we are a family of four- my wife, me and our two children (ages 12 and 16). I work from the road and our kids are homeschooled. We travel the world about six months out of the year. We are currently near the end of a three month trip throughout NZ. This is our third time here. We always rent houses and never stay at hotels. No. 142 is the 14th house that we have rented so far on this trip. The point is that we are very experienced house renters and have seen the good, bad and the ugly.   Of all the houses, in all of the countries we have stayed at over the years, this is one of our favorites and if you factor in the price, it moves to the top of the list.   The house was built in the early 1900s and was completely renovated. I assumed that the renovation was just completed as it looks brand new, but I was surprised to learn that it was done about two years ago. Everything in the house is first class. It has central air and heat, very good beds, great Internet and a fully appointed kitchen with modern appliances . At one point my wife was cooking and she reached for a knife and said "I bet the knives are even sharp..." Yes, even the knives are sharp. Fresh cut flowers throughout the house, a very nice bottle of wine and excellent fresh bread upon arrival..... I could go on but you get the point. We would definitely pay much more than what we were charged. This house is a bargain.
Beautifully restored villa, luxurious bedding, modern bathrooms, fully equipped kitchen, pushbikes to borrow and nice and close to restaurants and shops. Yvonne was very accommodating and looked after us with fresh bread on arrival and milk and butter in the fridge! A lovely relaxing home away from home.
I stayed at No.142 for 5 nights in September. I loved it! I found it restful and cosy with extremely comfy bedding and stylish decor. It has a lovely private back garden with sunny decking and shaded barbecue area. The villa is superbly situated and the owner, Yvonne, shows genuine interest in the welfare of her guests. I would love to stay there again - and would definitely recommend No.142 to visitors to Cambridge.
Our family of 6 including 2 children stayed at Yvonne's lovely villa in Cambridge. Initially I thought it was a little expensive but you get value for money here. The rooms are all very comfortable and the amenities first class. The villa is centrally located which enabled us to be in easy reach of many of the attractions in this area. We visited 2 of the restaurants Yvonne suggested, Onyx and Punnet both of which were excellent. We also spent some time at the local park where there is a great outdoor gym. We would definitely stay here again if in the area and I am very confident in recommending Villa 142.
We needed to fit 5 adults and 4 children in one location to attend a family wedding and Villa 142 did the job brilliantly. The bedrooms were spacious, the two bathrooms needed for all the girls, the lounge provided a sleeping haven for all the kids, the dining area was well utilised for eating and drinking, plus the kitchen area was a central hub and was well equipped. The comfortable arm chairs next to the kitchen were fought over by the dads! We did not get to use the garden but it was well maintained and looked stunning. We had an amazing time. Thanks Yvonne.
142 is a fabulous place to stay. We were greeted warmly by Yvonne who showed us around and gave us all the tips we needed and great ideas for things to do in town. The location was perfect, the house was just stunning and we really felt at home there.  Unfortunately we were only there for two nights, we could have easily stayed a lot longer! I will be recommending 142 to anyone who will listen!
The photos for this home looked amazing but the real thing was even better. It felt like we had had walked into a Home and Garden article - the property, both inside and out, was impeccably presented and a true pleasure to stay at. Fresh home made bread set the scene as we walked in, closely followed by a beautiful decor, powerful showers, comfy beds and a wonderful ambiance and elegance. Located close to the town centre and a few blocks down the lovely wee lake perfect for my morning jog. Yvonne was so great to communicate with and made sure everything was perfect for us. Fabulous from the moment we walked until we reluctantly left. Thanks so much, Yvonne.
This was just the loveliest house to stay in, beautifully furnished, spacious, very clean and had everything we needed. We really appreciated all the little extras, fresh ciabatta, fruit and milk etc. The beds were very comfortable and the showers were great.  Yvonne was very helpful and just a pleasure to deal with. We would absolutely stay again. Highly recommend.
Yvonne was a fantastic host, the Villa was outstanding and luxurious. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will return and recommend to our friends and family. It has all the facilities you could wish for and we even held a dinner party on the last night for our relatives that live in Cambridge and they were very impressed with the Villa.  I would highly recommend this property for anyone that is visiting Cambridge or more importantly the region as its central location is perfect for all the major tourist attractions.
I am reluctant to write about Villa 142 as I am worried that word will get out about what a delightful property this is! Our family needs to visit Cambridge a few weekends each summer and that we can come to such a beautifully prepared and maintained 3-bdr villa with all the mod-cons so close to the town centre makes us approach these visits with quite some excitement. The owner has really thought about the conveniences and extras that guests like and we certainly appreciate it e.g bikes to use, gas barbecue, food basket, high-quality bathroom towels and consumables etc...it's the little differences that make the difference. We'll be staying again and again...
Our family just spent 5 nights in this picture perfect home, and it was dreamy! We are currently on a year long trip and have been staying exclusively in home rentals. After just one night, we all agreed it was the most luxurious and cozy home yet! Every aspect is perfectly appointed and the host is wonderful! The town of Cambridge is adorable and the ideal spot to use as a base when exploring this area of the north island. We took afternoon trips to the glow worm caves, Rotorua zorbing, and Hobbiton movie set...and still had time to go to Paddock for breakfast and Onyz for dinner (both restaurants in Cambridge). We were even able to take horse back riding lessons and go antique shopping. But at the end of the day, we would return to the cottage absolutely thrilled that we were fortunate enough to find this little slice of New Zealand heaven. We will be counting the days until we can return again!
Our bridal party stayed here and it couldn't have been more perfect. It is renovated and decorated beautifully and has so much space. Was the perfect place to get hair and makeup done on the morning of the wedding, and the photographer loved it too. Yvonne was so accommodating and lovely to deal with and even left a surprise cheese board for our arrival. So many other little extra touches that made the stay fantastic. Walking distance to the centre of Cambridge too. Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for quality accommodation at a reasonable price.
This home is absolutely stunning. Beautifully decorated, modern bathrooms, a kitchen I want at home!! Really comfortable beds, and gorgeous linens. Can't recommend highly enough. Even nicer than the photos. Will definitely be booking on a regular basis when we visit beautiful Cambridge.
A beautiful villa with lovely kitchen, bathrooms and furnishings, there is definitely a sense of luxury. We were very well looked after with fresh bread, milk and coffee ready and waiting on our arrival. Much better value for money than a hotel. A hassle free booking with prompt friendly communication.
Sigh..What a short stay.  But regardless, our host managed to do so much. We got a quick tour around beautiful Cambridge before checking in. What a lovely house we stayed in. Really country feel and yet all the comforts and amenities. The bathroom was great, with its own heating lamp and heating rod too.  The hosts' animals were beautiful. 4 dogs, 4 cats, 4 cows and 2 horses.  The animals are so friendly too. I missed seeing the pigs and chickens when I didn't follow the others for a morning walk.  As what the other reviewers have mentioneTd, the farm is on a hill so the view is simply breathtaking. And the sunset is sooooo beautiful.  We got to take a lovely long walk through the forests together with the dogs. We got to see many wonderful trees.  We then had a lovely dinner and yummy dessert.  I'd say our hosts are so lucky to have such a lovely place, and we are so glad they are letting us "share " this place.   Thanks Jim and Libby.
After much consultation, my friend has booked this beautiful place for our trip. A night was too short really, I wouldn't mind staying a bit longer :) A very short drive from town; also close to "The Shire". This place is almost on top of the hill. We arrived late in the afternoon, greeted by our lovely hosts. In time to enjoy the sunset, a beautiful view of the valley. Had a quick walk around the area before it got dark. The property itself is very clean and spacious. Very lovely lounge room and bedrooms. Because we were they during the colder season, they also provided us with electric blankets. But the best part was our star gazing during the night, spotted numerous shooting stars. It was an amazing experience. A very well deserve credit from TripAdvisor :)
I stayed here with my frail elderly mum and my husband for 5 nights. My son's wedding was at the nearby Red Barn. From the moment we arrived we couldn't have been cared for better. Libby and Jim at Kauri Lodge and Beryl and Alan (who have the studio accomodation on the property ) went above and beyond with kindness, service, care and accommodation facilities. The apartment is very spacious with sky tv and free Wi Fi, we had comfortable beds and beautiful views of the countryside. The cooked breakfast we chose to have on the morning of the wedding was yummy and great value. This was a home away from home without the stress of having to do our own dishes. How wonderful to wake up to green pastures and cattle and horses in the adjacent paddocks. It is an animal lovers dream with friendly dogs and cats and a beautiful garden to boot.other family stayed in the studio which is delightful and beautifully appointed. I will return every time I need R and R and I can't wait to do so.
Beautiful location and lovely hosts! Made me a lovely breakfast with fresh eggs and showed me around the property. I felt right at home up in the hills there. Convenient distance to Hobbiton and not far from Cambridge.
We were originally just after some pet friendly accommodation, but Jim and Libby offer a great location and are very hospitable. We will be returning everytime we head up that way and look forward go keeping in touch when we move up there.  Highly recommended, especially if you have a pet.
LOVED the Kauri Lodge and our hosts, Libby and Jim! They were completely fantastic. Libby was so much fun... If I lived in NZ I would be making a coffee date with her right now because I enjoyed her company so much! The farm was beautiful... rolling hills, wonderfully friendly horses, sheep and cows, and we even got to meet a pregnant cow and feed some of the sheep and calves! Great fun, especially when we got to see some of the native bush. I got some great shots of some gorgeous native trees, and we even took a ride on a swing that was hidden away in the bush! Such fun! That evening Libby & Jim's neighbors Beryl and Allan came over for supper and we all hit it off like old friends. Libby played Danny Boy on her organ while we all sang different versions of the words (I laughed 'til I cried, it was so funny!), and Allan busted out his guitar and he & Beryl entertained us with some great music, including some Pink Floyd and Elvis. Libby's dinner (pork & chicken, sweet potatoes [kumara], mashed potatoes, green salad, green beans, etc.) was fantastic (I was especially over the moon for her garlic carrots), and breakfast the next morning of poached eggs, ham, and hash browns with Libby's very own tomato sauce was wonderful as well. Libby and Jim were so knowledgeable and easy to talk to. Jim has almost convinced me to make another trip to NZ so I can visit a proper sheep-shearing operation to start my new career as a sheep shearer, :-) and Libby has inspired me to try to create a garden that is 1/10th as lovely as hers (because I'm sure I could never manage to match hers!). We slept fantastically well at Kauri Lodge... the night was refreshingly cool, so we left our doors cracked open to let in the night air. The beds were very comfortable, and the bathroom was wonderfully set up with a toilet separate from the shower area. Libby had obviously put much thought into providing everything we could possibly need. Our area had comfy chairs & couches, with plenty of music and movie options for our downtime, as well as some great books about NZ. We had our own refrigerator, with water and orange juice already provided. The sunset that evening, which was right at the back of the house over the valley where the livestock were feeding, was spectacular and everyone in our group got some great pictures. The only bad thing about Kauri Lodge was having to leave! Highly, highly recommended!
Earthstead villas was one of the highlights of our two week trip to New Zealand. Its quiet setting was an ideal location to visit the Waitomo Glowworm caves and Hobbiton in Matamata. We drove from Auckland to Waitomo, staying at Earthstead and then had a leisurely drive to Hobbiton the next day,(this is where 'Gandalf' stayed during the filming!). Suzanne and Alistair provide exceptional food, with eggs and dairy products from their own animals, homemade breads, jams and cereals, fresh-squeezed fruit juices and more! Our family of four was quite comfortable in the two bedroom home built by hand with a luxury bath, comfortable bedding and well-equipped kitchen, even a sheltered carport and washing machine. We enjoyed our conversations with them both and had a delightful stay.
We stayed with Earthstead Villas 3 nights while in Cambridge NZ travelling with 2 young children.  The stay, in one of the larger cottages, was incredibly enjoyable. While Earthstead Villas and it's owners, takes the issue of environmental sustainably seriously but does it well and with a sense of fun. Susie and Alistair, the proprietors, were well informed about local attractions, and warm & generous, particularly with our kids (aged 7 & 3).  They (and their parents) thoroughly enjoyed staying in a place with such lush surrounds (gardens and Cambridge proper), which made an excellent base for touring the attractions found in the Waikato province. Our kids really enjoyed the opportunity to wake up to sounds of chickens & cows and even had the opportunity to help Alistair feel the chooks and milk a cow!!  I would heartedly recommend Earthstay Villas to any traveller who values a good hearth with friendly and accommodating proprietors as they wander thorough Waikato, NZ.
This was a place that I didn't want to leave! So pretty, so lovingly set up and run, absolutely a dream. Alastair and Suzie are welcoming hosts and Alastair showed the kids around the farm and let them help with the animals. The 2-bedroom villa was so comfortable with all of its soft wood, special tiles and handmade (by the hosts themselves!) bricks. Add all of the lush greenery surrounding this private yet accessible rental and you have a wonderful escape. I highly recommend this property!
Loved every moment of our stay. A gorgeous studio cottage, dessert was produced after we had been into Cambridge for dinner and breakfast was amazing. All the food we ate was produced in their own kitchen! We were sent on our way with the left over home made bread from breakfast and a tomato from the garden.We would love to go back for a longer stay.
We do not really want to review this Villa. We want it all to ourselves! This Villa actually met our expectations and beyond. The immaculate and painstaking detailing in this handcrafted villa are what you would hope to find in your own luxury home. We witnessed the tiling being hand-cut and hand-laid, the product of which will amaze everyone who sees it. Add to that the extraordinarily thoughtful and thorough daily provision of breakfast and servicing, and the willingness to personalise service to your needs, and this property will be hard to better.  We cooked our own meals frequently during our two week stay, and found the kitchen very well equipped. When we needed a larger pot for the fresh crayfish, this was no trouble at all for our hosts. We found the location excellent even with business in Hamilton, with the back roads only a short 20 minute drive away. And upon return after a busy day, nothing better than to relax in the claw foot tub bath scented by the herbal sachet with candles lit. We would return to stay here even though we may not always have business in the area. We look forward to further stays with Suzie and Alistair and their family.
Friendly kate's welcome in her beautiful house and confortable house, spacious and well equipped,  15 min from Hamilton this house is well placed for a visit of the hobbiton, and 1 hour to beaches on the west side or beaches on the east side. To advise without hesitation
Excellent accommodation. Highly recommend. Beautiful home and attention to every detail. Like living in a designer magazine. Thanks for such a welcoming experience.
Beautiful accommodation with very high finish and all excellent amenities. Very close to town and great location for visiting all the wonderful experiences nearby. Everything is very clear and easy to use and we wanted for nothing. We had a fantastic stay I recommend this very highly. Loved meeting Anne who was very communicative and great to liase with too.
Upon ore arrival we were greeted us with a big smile, what an inviting welcome!  What a treat to step through the front door of this gorgeous home onto the beautiful natural wooden floor, which gives this home so much natural coziness.  3 charmingly appointed bedrooms and a generously sized bathroom with much room to spread out with items for pampering as the bedrooms and bathroom could easily belong to a luxury spa hotel.   The spacious living room is appointed with a stylish sectional for lounging - we preferred to play a game on the beautiful large antique coffee table instead of watching TV which was also available! We enjoyed sitting back in the comfortable cushions of the sofa wrapped in a cozy blanket writing emails and enjoying the chirping of birds and view onto the beautiful trees. On a lovely sunny day sitting on the porch would be nice!  What a treat also being able to do our laundry while enjoying all the amenities here.  At night we cooked a great meal in the fantastic kitchen which had all we needed, pots and pants of great quality in all sizes, a great stove and even a luxury espresso maker for a good cup of coffee in the morning.  I can highly recommend a stay in this beautiful home!!!
Beautiful Airbnb house located in quaint town of Cambridge. We are a family of 5 and fit beautifully. The place is charming and wonderfully decorated. It has wifi, a/c and washing machine. Our host Anne was very reachable for any tips needed. It's a beautiful drive from Hobbiton or Waitomo caves. Centrally located in the middle of these 2 must see places while visiting north island. Restaurants are within walking distance.
Enjoyed a luxurious 2D1N stay in this lodging, the only regret being that we planned too short a time in Cambridge! Anne is a wonderfully warm and helpful host who made our stay in this small town so comfortable. The entire house was impeccably done up and the supply of toiletries so generous. My family and I really appreciated the extensively equipped kitchen (large island counter, expresso machine, BBQ equipment, cleaning liquids etc.) And hope to return for a full staycation in the near futue!
We loved the home - it was private, immaculate, and beautifully decorated. The house is thoughtfully stocked - everything that we needed was at hand. The location is great - close to shopping, coffee shops, gas station, etc., yet nice and private. We could not have asked for a better host and home. We stayed at this charming home for 3 days. It was the perfect home base for us as we ventured out for our day trips to nearby attractions.   The host anticipated everything we would need - we were very, very comfortable in this lovely home. Thank you very much, Anne!
Olive Grove Suite is amazing! From the beautiful river walk below to the stroll into the vibrant village this suite is the perfect place to stay. The hosts, Kim and Steve were very welcoming and accomodating and the cleanliness and comfort of the suite was 10/10! Nothing was forgotten and all the wee touchesw were very well recieved. We would totally recommend this peaceful and luxurious accomodation and will definitely be returning for another stay :)
We had a lovely stay. The suite is well equipped and comfortable. We had freshly made banana bread! A lovely stay...
Really enjoyed our stay at Olive Grove. Our studio was beautiful/immaculate even, and the breakfast was simple yet delish! We will definitely be staying again should we come back to Cambridge. Great location too! Thank you for your hospitality :)
This is one of the nicest places we have ever staying in, it's the most stunning architecturally designed modern house on the banks of the Waikato River, the views down the river from the Dinning room balcony were amazing, it was so peaceful, they even had there own family of kingfishers. The Olive Grove suite was spacious, tastefully decorated and immaculate. The hosts Steve and Kim were superb they made us feel so welcome and breakfast was devine. We will be most definitely be going back.
Great space for my crew to unwind after each day of competition. Close to the rowing course and Cambridge for supplies. We would stay again. In fact one of the girls will likely travel back with her family.
We had a pleasant stay at Rose House which was only a short drive from Cambridge. The gardens and house were lovely and we enjoyed talking with our friendly host over a delicious breakfast.
My wife and I chose to stay here for a special weekend thanks to a recommendation from a friend. The Lakeview Lodge was simply awesome. Right from the time of checking in that was friendly and welcoming through to leaving after our special 3 nights. The lodge is extremely spacious, comfortable and very relaxing. I loved the fact that lodge was fully contained with everything that we needed. The bed was ultra comfortable and waking up to that view in the morning was unbelievable! To be onsite of a working farm was special especially when there was a baby calf born in the paddock beside the drive as we drove in and out the first couple of days. The location was perfect as we headed through to Tauranga and the Mount one day, another day to Rotorua and a really great dinner in Cambridge only 10-minutes away.
Oh wow! We loved staying at the Lakeview Lodge in the Hampton's unit. My husband and I arrived and were blown away by the gorgeous views from the deck and the beautiful decor of the Hamptons. The unit is spacious and immaculate. The decor is luxurious but welcoming and comfortable at the same time. You can tell they've put a lot of thought into the quality of the linens and furnishings. The kitchen was fully fitted out with absolutely everything one could need. I wish we could have stayed longer.....it would be perfect for a wedding or other family event as the rooms and units can be configured with locked off sections. Gardens are lovely too.!! Rae the Manager was really easy to deal with.
What a magic spot to stay, with breathtaking views of the lake and surrounds. The decor was oozing charm and of such I high standard it could have adorned a glossy magazine. The China and glassware were in abundance and “posh” Thank you Jo and John, we had an unforgettable, and memorable family stay and you must be so proud of what you have created in this magic location. Best wishes to Scotty and Kirsten on their marriage.
We had a great stay here, everything was in great order with really friendly staff. There was plenty to do in the local area and amazing views. Everything ran smoothly for the check in and check out and it was great to see some friendly faces. I would defiantly come back as it is worth every penny. Thanks for a wonderful few days, The Lodge truly made my stay memorable. Thanks again!
We stayed with our extended family of 24 for a family wedding up the road. All together this lodge provided ease of family time, traveling together to venue, eating with brilliant facilities and relaxing with fabulous views and space for us to play croquet and rugby on the lawn. And nibbles and drinks on the deck for those of us who wanted to watch the entertainment while the sun set over the lake. Perfect for our family.  Cost effective as we filled every bed, and didn't have to eat out. Thanks so much!
Australian Couple Mid 60's. Own transport.  PROS:  This accommodation was very good. Clean and comfortable.  Very large 2nd storey bedroom with king size bed and 2 additional single beds.  Bathroom was roomy. Shower cubicle. Water hot with good pressure. Toilet flushed well. No "off smells".  Kitchen had all facilities needed. Stove, oven, coffee maker with all necessary cutlery, crockery and pots and pans. Covered barbecue.  Kitchen table was small and, in my opinion, not large enough to seat the 4 people the property can sleep.  Washing machine and clothes dryer provided.  CONS:  November 9 2017. Booking accepted by owner: Feb 4, 2018 - Feb 11, 2018 - 2 Guests.  January 28 2018. Email from owner advising that, due to a problem with their booking system, the accommodation was available only from February 6 - February 11 - not from February 4 as booked and confirmed.  We made alternative accommodation arrangements for February 4 and 5.  February 6 2018. We occupied the property.  February 6 2018. Email from owner advising another problem with their booking system. Property was booked for another event from the afternoon of Friday February 9 and we would have to check out by 11.00 am Friday February 9.  February 7 2018. Email from owner advising that she could arrange accommodation for us at another vineyard in the area.  February 7 2018. Emailed owner advising that we accepted the alternative accommodation.  The alternative accommodation was of a very good standard.
We, a family group, travelling with our Mother, 88 year old ex farmer of the region were en route to Masterton, Mums home town. This was for family take a break in our journey and to remember the years spent growing up, farm kids, in the Manawatu. Ours was a short stay but a quality one filled with reminiscence, quiet times by the large fire speaking of long treasured memories awakened by being in this beautiful place. The Lodge and surrounds are magnificent. We loved our brief stay and are avowed to return and take part in all that Rathmoy offers.
Rathmoy was a brilliant venue for a family reunion and a 'renewal of vows' ceremony for our son and his wife while they are visiting from Britain. Fifty people enjoyed the venue's view of the farm and the majestic Rangitikei river papa cliffs. During the afternoon guests were able to wander across the grassy field down to the river to converse and relax. The Lodge's large 'outdoor' entertainment room was ideal for laying out the buffet meal and drinks table. The shaded barbecue area under the trees by the river was perfect for the afternoon ceremony. The couple, their baby and other members of the family also enjoyed staying the night in the very well-appointed bedrooms and bunkroom. Several guests had a refreshing swim in the Rangitikei River. A most enjoyable experience.
Rathmoy is a wonderful place. We had a very enjoyable long weekend stay and so loved Rathmoy we returned home and booked to go back next summer.   The highlights for us: - the river that wraps rounds the property was a great attraction for the children and the dogs. It was quite fast running due to recent rain but still safe for our teens to swim in.  - being at the end of the farm and bounded by the river and a cornfield made it a great location to holiday with our dogs who could run freely  - the fireplace room was a great hub for eating, relaxing and socialising - despite the proximity to water and the time of year there were no mosquitoes  - the kitchen was fully equipped with everything you might need.   Perfect!
We have been to Rathmoy twice now and it is fantastic. The privacy is amazing, you literally cannot see another person or house from the Lodge. The outdoor/indoor covered deck and stone fireplace are amazing for evening time and rainy days. The kitchen is well equipped for any cooking missions.
We were looking for nice accommodation with views of the white papa cliffs of the Rangitikei river when we found Rathmoy Lodge.  The location is splendid. The accommodation is of a very high quality, from the luxuries towels and linen to the heated floor in the master bathroom.  Our kids loved playing in/around the river and having the large field in front of the lodge to run around in - the cricket wicket was perfect for sprint races!  Thanks Andrea and Mark!
If you are looking for a spectacular piece of NZ countryside then this is the place for you.  It might be a little hard to find but the owner has told us he will install a sign pointed you down the hill and not up to managers house. Once you get down the hill, keep driving. This place is hidden but it's worth it!!  Once you arrive at the house, you will realise you have your own football size lawn in front of the house complete with a cricket pitch. This is all on the river front.   The house is simple but nice. You will spend most of your time outside by the many fires anyway. Beds and linen were very comfortable.  Loved it!
We have traveled extensively and experienced so many different locations and accommodation but when my husband found this dog friendly lodge I really couldn't believe it would/could be this stunning. All I could think was "Thank goodness we booked this pad on our return trip to and from Christchurch"  It is idyllic, it's peaceful, it's unique, it's a find that will last in your memory forever.
The river side location is absolutely superb as is the standard of the accommodation, and we were especially glad to be able to have our dogs with us who just loved playing in the wide open spaces:-))
I cannot recommend highly enough this fantastic establishment. We entertained a large group of people here and everyone had an outstanding time. Not only is it located in a peaceful setting with incredible surroundings, the lodge itself is fully furnished to a high standard containing everything you could need. Everyone in our party had an incredible time. Thank you very much to our hosts Mark and Andrea. We will definitely be back.
This was my second time staying at the lodge and, as before, it was impeccable.  The house was incredibly clean on arrival and we were made to feel welcomed by the owners who came down a couple of times during our stay to make sure everything was okay.  Whilst the weather was not great, the house was really warm and was a joy to come back to after work.  I would definitely recommend this house for all occasions, whether it be a business trip, friends' getaway or a family holiday. Would love to come back in summer.
We spent an enjoyable 2 days at Rathmoy. The lodge was fantastic, sitting in front of the open fire with a wine really capped the day off. The location was stunning,
Stayed at Rathmoy for 3 nights over easter and really enjoyed our time. Lodge was lovely - open fire, awesome kitchen, comfortable bedding. We were shown how to use the clay thrower, fished in the river and caught trout and took our dogs out an about on the farm. We will definitely be back!
We chose Rathmoy Lodge for our company review and strategy session. The lodge with the open fire provided the perfect environment for this event. Mark and Dan then provided a great pheasant shoot and clay bird experience up the gorge. Fishing in the Rangitiki was surprisingly easy with a rod and spinner also. We will most definitely be returning soon.
We had the good fortune to be the thrilled winners of "Best Stall " at the Marton Harvest Festival.Our generous prize, donated from Andrea and Mark,was for a two night stay for 4 people at Rathmoy. We chose to share our exciting opportunity with my family who were on a winters holiday in NZ from the Gold Coast. Many proud locals told me how fabulously gorgeous and luxurious Rathmoy is , and how right they are !! We all loved the tasteful decor, the cosy warmth,comfortable beds with crisp linen, ,relaxing couches to curl up on, sitting around the lovely big fireplace with plenty of wood, the heated bathroom tiles were a favourite!  The setting is spectacular, a sweeping lawn overlooking the awesome cliffs and the magnificent Rangateiki River. We enjoyed a happy, memorable relaxing family holiday and look forward to our next time! Thankyou so much!
We were a group of 3 young professionals in the Rangitikei Region for work and coming home to Rathmoy each night was an absolute delight.   Tucked away on Mark and Andrea's farm the lodge was well appointed with a fully kitted out kitchen, an open fire and heatpump, and lovely linen in all bedrooms. I'll also note the heated bathroom floors were a real treat. Outside of functionality the lodge was beautifully decorated and made for a very relaxing environment. This feeling of relaxation and homeliness was a real point of difference for us; as we worked through our busy days it was so nice to know we had such a lovely place to return to each night.   Despite limited time with Mark and Andrea, they were great hosts who made it clear nothing was any trouble. We only wish we'd had more time to take advantage of all the activities they offer! We look forward to returning be it for work or pleasure!
We are a group of three couples & this is the third, 3 night weekend we have stayed at Rathmoy in twelve months. We just love the Rangitikei region & Rathmoy Lodge. The six of us are all very busy business people & we are there to relax. Be it hiking, reading a book, fishing, eating good food or drinking a great wine, Rathmoy works for us. The weather was suburb, we caught nine great trout & two of the group played the Rangatira Golf course just down the road. The accommodation is fabulous, the kitchen has absolutely everything you require & the huge open fire is one of the best I've sat in front off. The owners Mark & Andrea are friendly, helpful & nothing is no much trouble. We will be back again for our fourth stay shortly.
This is the second time I have been on a Rathmoy pheasant shoot and again it exceeded expectations.   The event is very well run and in an English / New Zealand cross pollinated style which exposes the guns to the best of British and Kiwi cultures.  The day is really well run and caters for the keen, casual and inexperience hunter. Being an inexperience hunter myself, the Rathmoy staff provide plenty of support and helped me with my action which resulted in me actually hitting some birds!  Great hosting, great food and an exceptional experience all round. I can't say enough for it.
Need to relax, you got it , Need for Adventure , you got it.. We spent an amazing weekend at the Rahmoy Lodge...  The place is simply AWESOME... With a countless variety of activities , from relaxing and enjoying the view and the lodge, going through Jet Boating, Hunting Pheasant , till having a pleasant walk and hiking to a hidden cave of Glowing Worms.   During our stay at Rathmoy Lodge, their Hosts, Mark and Andrea, were extremely kind and helpful .  Do not hesitate to come you will never regret…  Thanks Mark and Andrea!! we spent such a GREAT time!!!!
That's the way I felt this last weekend with Mark and Andrea. They're a really nice couple that offers a great service and accommodation in their lodge. We had one of the best weekend ever in New Zealand doing farmers duties, riding quad-bikes and chilling in a place with a great viewings and landscapes. I really recommend a weekend in Rathmoy Lodge !! Thanks Mark and Andrea.. Giuliano
Just got back from a Weekend in this beautiful place! we were a group of 10.... we had a great time... the place was amazing!! lots of activities to do! the best part? the hosts! Andrea and Mark are the perfect mix of Latin and new zealand culture they will make you feel like home! thanks guys!!
We recently had a university reunion at Rathmoy and it proved to a pefect spot for us all to catch up after 20 years. Mark tailored a clay bird comp for us, accommodation fantastic, food great.  thanks
Just back from a wonderful weekend at Rathmoy. We participated in the field sports offerings of the lodge and our host Mark ensured that everything ran smoothly and well . The quality of bedding and furnishing was first class and meals were delicious and varied courtesy of a specially hired chef. Being winter it was very cold in the mornings but the lodge was kept warm and it offers great scenery and location. Recommended without reservation.
We have just been to Rathmoy for a staff team bonding, we arrived after lunch and were taken to an underground tunnel, very cool. Then off for some jet boating, a few drinks, then onto Clay bird shooting. Fantastic group/team activity, everyone joined in and even those who did not want to shoot could not help but get caught up with the excitement. Unfortunately the darkness stopped the fun, no the fun was only beginning, we moved up to the lodge for a few more drinks and a beautiful dinner, dancing, comical conversation and last but not least some charades!! ha ha ha Awesome locaton, awesome people, awesome times. Some of our staff are already talking about having our Xmas party there. Thanks for the good times guys !! We will definitely be recommending you!
Needed time out and wanted my surroundings to spoil me - I made the bestest choice, staying at Rathmoy.
We stumbled upon this house last minute as we searched for a place to sleep for our climb to Mt. Taranaki. Very surprised with what we found waiting for us as we got there. They have a SPA! The house is very clean and tidy and is left warm for its guests. Great location and scenery with a view of Mt. Taranaki. Owner is also very friendly and was able to provide some extra info and tips for activities in the area. Overall very pleased with our stay and no complaints at all.
We loved staying at this cosy place and felt perfectly at home. The hot pool was a surprise bonus and owner was very welcoming.
All seven of us really enjoyed our stay at this roomy, quiet & friendly place. There is a large kitchen, dining and living area with nice views towards the sea, catching all the afternoon & evening sun. A huge deck extends into a garden - perfect for kids to play. Richard even brought in a spa bath just before we arrived and was really helpful with eveything else. Thanks a lot!
The title says it all! PERFECTLY equipped house, friendly hosts, great location, impeccable View Richard and wife Jill were amazing hosts, very friendly and well organised. House was well equipped with everything....(and more) that we needed. They warmed the house before our arrival and had the fire/firewood ready to be lit. House was very clean and tidy - hosts were attentive, responsible and welcoming. I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND this place to others....Oh... we were also able to hire their spare car- which they delivered to us upon arrival at the airport! PERFECT and very CONVENIENT!
This was Beverly and I's first trip to New Zealand. We are staying for 3 months and we started our trip by booking into Milk and Honey Cottage. I contacted Meagan months ago to set up the booking because I heard that New Zealand is very busy in it's peak season.   Meagan was so helpful with telling me about the accommodations, the surrounding area and about a farm stay. We decided to stay 2 weeks to acclimate ourselves into the New Zealand culture. That turned to be a fantastic choice.  Upon arriving to John and Meagan's property, which is a beautiful drive outside of Raedihi, we were bowled over by the beauty, the view and the peacefulness of River Bend farm. We were greeted by both Meagan and John and welcomed to the cottage. We took Meagan up on one of her dinners that night and she brought us a wonderful meal of venison, fresh vegetables, salad and dessert. What a great 1st day in NZ. She has great granola, yogurt and coffee also.  For the next two weeks we were treated to feeling like part of their family by being able to go fly fishing, have a farm tour with John, get up and close to the animals, getting to know the grandkids and being part of the spirit and happiness that the Wards have created at River Bend.   To be able to have miles of a beautiful trout stream to myself was a perk that I never imagined. I caught and released some big rainbows and browns and the scenery on the river was stunning and the land felt untouched by humans.   Since we left River Bend, we have said several times that we want to go back and experience the peace and quiet, the beauty and the wonderful experience of being part of this very special place.   Meagan and John, Thank you and no doubt when we come back to the North Island, you will see us again.  Mitch and Beverly
Had 2 nights here which is really the minimum to enjoy the whole deal. Hidden away at the end of an unsealed road Meagan, John and family give you the full 5 star welcome and aftercare. You stay in a detached little self contained cottage with views across the valley and into the sunset. If you need some catering, Meagan can prepare a wholesome evening meal and/or breakfast. Our quiet day was spent walking the farm and reading. Lovely place to stay and I can't recommend it enough.
Had great stay here. Beautiful secret valley and river. Lovely quiet and green. Enjoyed the time out from the Auckland madhouse. Megan and John are super friendly.  Snowy the orphaned lamb was the wife's highlight! Hopefully Millie the lab can go back to sleeping in her chair by the cottage. Plan to come back and explore the national park area more and hit the ski slopes next time. So much to do down this way.
We have stayed in many places in the world and Milk and Honey cottage really attracted us is the country side horse riding. My son love horse riding. Lucy Megan's daughter is an excellent horse trainer and my son thoroughly enjoyed riding with her twice. Cost NZ$50 for each 1 hour Ride. I learned from the Farmstay tour they have over 2500 acres of land we were taken to the top of the Hill and was overwhelmed with the beautiful view. Their jersey cows were great first time was so near so many cows. Megan's home cooking was excellent we all enjoyed the lunch and dinner. Both my kids enjoyed their pup Lab and their other dogs. Unfortunately the trip was too short we did not have time to go fishing, walking in the hills and bicycling. We would certainly come back again. You can call Megan any time to book their cottage 64 6385 4366 or email to her at e.riverbendwards@gmail.com. Be sure to call or email to Meagan she will give you very detailed instructions how to get to her place and you must book in advance for the Dinner. Must get there by 5pm hard to find during night time.
Milk and Honey cottage is one of those rare places that you are just lucky enough to happen upon, and wonder how you got so lucky. My husband and I stayed two nights at Meagan and John's slice of paradise, but we could have easily stayed much longer. They run a busy cattle and sheep farm, and it is a delight to be amongst the hustle and bustle of a working farm, but the hosts were never too busy to see if we needed anything or to answer our hundreds of questions. One of the friendliest and most generous families that we have stayed with, it almost feels like you are visiting friends. Their breath-taking property is expansive and heavenly, any direction you look, you'll see snow covered mountains, rolling green hills, peaceful grazing sheep and cows, and crystal clear rivers. The self-contained cottage is cozy, clean and well equipped, with fantastic views out of any window. The back patio is very peaceful and a great spot for watching a glorious sunset or star-gazing on a clear night. We hiked a bit around their property, fished in their river and wished we'd had more time for exploring. It was within easy driving distance to Tongariro National Park and other site seeing adventures. It is just a little off the beaten path and the drive up to the farm has some incredible views. We loved our time at Milk and Honey Cottage and would love to go back one day. P.S. Meagan is a great cook! Be sure to order one of her farm-to-table meals while you are here! They also sell incredible, rich honey (which made great gifts to bring back to family)
My husband and I have lived in 19 countries, visited 106 in the world and this small cottage on a working farm takes a lot of beating! With stunning views, rivers, valleys and mountains we found a little piece of heaven. Meagan and John are the ultimate hosts, giving us inside info on fishing, and taking us to,secluded spots in the bush on their property. If you wish to get away from it all and have peace and tranquility this charming cottage is the place to go. Just wonderful.
A great find! Off the beaten track farmstay with welcoming hosts who were willing to share this part of their world with us. Beautiful views of the valley. Highly recommend you order your dinner from Meagan - delicious food.
Such a lovely place to stay. Off the beaten track and well worth the drive. The cottage is nice & very comfortable. Meagan & John were amazing hosts. They are extremely helpful in terms of information & things to do & made the most delicious meals & chocolate cake (which was enjoyed sitting at the outside table with a stunning view over their farm). We loved exploring their beautiful farm, particularly the river and the walk up the hill with views of Mt Ruapehu, encountering a few wild deer on the way. Thank you for your wonderful hospitality!
meagan and john's farm and location in the makakahi valley is utterly stunning - we had never seen such beautiful countryside. we were thrilled to be able to join john on a farm tour, and to be able to try some of meagan's brilliant farm-to-table cooking - one of the best meals we have had! the fresh milk and homemade muesli for breakfast were such a treat! the cottage was exactly as described, and we had everything we could have possibly wanted or needed - meagan was kind enough to reassure we could trouble her for anything we may need as well. communication was extremely easy, with great directions and early caution that we would be off the grid - without cell phone service and very limited internet. a great place for a retreat and time to relax and explore the countryside - could not more highly recommend. we are hoping to visit again soon - we miss it already! thank you again for everything meagan and john! :)
I stayed at the Milk & Honey cottage with my husband and two young children for a weekend to get away from our busy lives. We were welcomed with the most amazing baking and sweet notes from Meagan and John. They are very inviting and make you feel right at home! The cottage has such tranquil decor and the entire place in general actually had a calming effect on us. We went for walks to the river and the kids absolutely loved playing there. When we put the kids to bed we lay in bed and watched a movie which was really nice. I would totally come back again and again after feeling so refreshed and renewed when we left. Thanks John & Meagan!
The journey to this treasure seems a bit like a journey to the end of the world,BUT when you get there you just want to stay, and stay, and stay. And drink in the loveliness of the surroundings . The cottage is cosy, comfortable and generously prepared and provisioned and the hosts are so happy and kind - they really like people! We give it a maximum rating, not for grand luxury, but for the rich, refreshing and restorative experience it was to stay at Milk and Honey Cottage
I was at the chalet one week and was wonderful. The facilities are in very good condition and John always was the best and helpfully attend all i needed.  Im sure I will book once again in a future  Thanks for all  Lalo
This holiday house is an older style chalet that is perfectly equipped for a stay in this region. Beds super comfy and linen of a high standard. Huge selection for entertainment ,a book shelf of great DVD and surround sound speakers, a computer area for guests to use wifi, also they provide many family friendly board games and if the adults want to play a game there is a large pool table and who couldn't forget about the darts. its a lovely location very close to the town and farm land. you don't need to bring much for the kitchen is stocked with all the essentials and more. Definitely top marks from our family. And the host John gets top marks for friendliness and help.
Loved the stay, the place has everything you need (kitchen - pots, pans, fridge etc.), feels very homely! Great host too, John is very helpful. :) Close to the mountain - close enough to town (although not the bars).
We were looking for something that would easily accommodate ourselves ( couple 50) some friends our age and a couple of mates each for our 22 year old son and 18 year old daughter,so 12 of us. Budget was less of a concern than comfort. Snomad Chalet was brilliant.Warm and welcoming, the fire was prepared pre our arrival. Little extras like bread and milk ,plenty of coffee and teas. Hundreds of good DVDs( which we had too much fun to watch),CDs ,books and plenty of games including darts and a pool table. The real advantage with different age groups was that there were two large separate living rooms as well as kitchen/ dining that was large enough for us all to come together in. Three good size bedrooms had doubles and two with an extra single.The fourth bedroom had a double and four bunk beds. Towels and linen supplied.Parking easily for six cars and a ten minute walk to the junction. Really pleased we chose this over multiple separate rentals that would have been A.more expense and B. not as much fun as being all together in such a spacious and accommodating abode. John was very efficient and very easy to deal with. Highly recommended especially for families with teens.
The SNOMAD accommodation was the perfect place for our large group (12 adults). It had great facilities - clean bathrooms x2, large kitchen, large lounge, TV and a huge selection of DVDs, fireplace, and a games+entertainment lounge (with darts and pool table).   The bedrooms all had heaters and all bedding + towels were provided. John (the owner) was very helpful and accommodating for our large group. He helped to ensure the trip process ran smoothly.   Thanks so much to John and the team for a great weekend.
We stayed at the Snomad Chalet for during the July school holidays.   I was looking for an easy way to take my boys skiing. Snomad provided one stop shopping – a package that provided accommodation, shuttle transport up and down the mountain, and ski passes/lessons/hire.   The Snomad Chalet is really comfortable, clean and warm. There was plenty of space for everyone and lots of things to do in the evening – nice big screen TV and great selection of DVDs, free WiFi, pool table and lots of board games. In the evening one of my boys was kept busy playing pool with another young lad staying there, while my teenager and I joined a scrabble game.   Getting to the mountain next day was a breeze in the 4WD shuttle (I was glad of that – I saw a few cars sliding around a bit on the road up the mountain). We were also very glad to have John’s assistance with getting our gear sorted and finding our lesson.   This was the first time skiing for my boys and I am grateful to John for helping make it so successful. In fact I feel like we have found a winning formula here. I am sure we will be back and we would not change a thing!
Parents and two boys (6, 8) stayed a week here. Short walk to town, spacious, warm, homely environment. Heaps of activities for after skiing or mountain closed days (puzzles, pool table, darts, DVDs, games...), three different living areas, comfy beds, and a fantastic welcoming host who is there to help. Definitely coming back! Thank you.
Excellent amenities and a great place to say. Thanks John for the best snomad holiday ever.  We stayed for 4 nights and shared the place with a great family with younger kids. Plenty of room to spread out as well. The Pool table was a hit with our family. The place is warm and cosy, with a log fire always tended to by our Host.  Our teenagers are hard to please but after the first sight of snow and a warm bed they couldn't stop raving about the place. They had a ball. Breakfast is good ( and upgrade to a cooked breakfast and you will have energy all day. )  John's a great guide for all snow activities up the mountain and his 4WD Van is awesome.  We will check in here again when we next " Go to the snow in NZ's North "  Thanks
We stayed here for two nights as part of a Pathfinder Nth Island NZ tour. A perfect base for exploring the area whatever the season. The Chalet was great views, cosy beds, a well stocked kitchen, nice bathrooms, pot belly stove, big laundry, pool table, DVDs, books and much more. John, our host and driver is fun, friendly and makes all the difference.
Super comfy, toasty warm when we arrived with the fire going plus heaters on in all the bedrooms, free wifi, great selections of games and movies to watch for a night in. Amazing hot water pressure in the bathrooms! Very close to town. Perfect for any group or family, Love my stay there every time :)
I love the Snomad Chalet, it's cozy, warm, clean and comfy, with everything you could want after a hard day on the snow, or chillaxing in Ohakune.  with Wi-fi, a pool table, a huge collection of dvds and games, and a drying room for your snow gear. Awesome instantly hot showers (gas: nice!)  The service is personal, friendly and top notch!
After looking everywhere to find a place to stay in ohakune we finally stumbled across this little gem! John was more than helpful and accommodated our every needs. The amenities were amazing, two lounges, warm, comfortable beds for everyone, food left in the fridge such as milk, cereal etc that we were allowed to help ourselves too. The house was extremely warm and cosy, john taught us how to use the fire and there were heaters in every room which we made use of. For a big group like us, john made up extra beds for us which was extremely accommodating. Great speaker system for music, tv, DVDs, books, dart board, pool table and brochures which came in handy when deciding what to do for the day or what to eat for dinner. 5 star rating, the owners were more than easy to work with and will definitely be back :)
I was apart of a group that stayed here and man what can I say! Ross was absolutely amazing! the place was amazing, the beds were comfortable the shower OMG absolutely wanted to take it home with all that stayed. The views were breath taking. It is everything you need for a great get away. Highly recommend staying here if you get the chance. You won't regret it.
Ross was a very welcoming host, and his apartment was well equipped and just what we needed following our full day travelling from Rotorua, via Lake Taupo. It was an ideal mid location stopover en route to Wellington.  The apartment was spacious, clean, and comfortable. We would certainly recommend staying.
Ross is an incredibly charming and warm host. We broke down with our car and had to stay in Waiouru, but I'm so glad we got to meet this interesting guy. The accomodation is spotless, cosy and Ross makes you feel at home. Moreover, he has an awesome Ford Thunderbird. Definitely recommended :)
Ross was very accommodating and welcoming, the place was clean and a great location for a midway stop between Wellington to Auckland!
Mr. Ross is awesome, our family here for one night, spectacular view, nice clean bedrooms, and great conversation.. Mr. Ross even took us for a quick tour of the town. One of the best experiences we have had in NZ.
We stayed at the place for one night. It was perfect and Ross is a great and friendly host. Absolutely recommended!
It was a pleasure to stay with Ross at his lovely place in Waiouru and his apartment was the perfect location to break up our trip up north. The apartment is located just off the main highway and is really easy to find. It’s really beautifully maintained with lovely decor.   We brought our own breakfast food to cook and, although the apartment didn’t come with a stove in the kitchenette, we found the sauté function on the impressive slow cooker/roaster more than enough to cook up some eggs and halloumi.  Be aware that the apartment is quite close to the train tracks so you do hear the trains go past - this was more of a feature than an annoyance though.   Although temperatures were expected to get to -3 degrees overnight, we found the apartment comfortable and warm. There were plenty of heating and cooling options.   It was a very relaxing stay with Ross, who was a very generous host. Had we more time it would have been a perfect base for exploring the mountains over a couple of days. Highly recommended.
Our family get-together met at this central point and were readily accommodated at Tawhiri. The beds were very comfortable, the lounge warm and welcoming and the mountain views to die for.
Had the pleasure of staying a few nights here. Really impressed with place. Extremely tidy and clean. Brilliant spot. Only 15-20mins from Turoa/Ohakune or go the other way 15-20mins to Tukino ski fields. Best view of the mountain from here too!!  Kids loved the Army museum, and the days spent on the mountain!   Ross was a great host. Very friendly and welcoming. Even took the kids for a ride in his classic T-Bird!   Highly recommend this place for anyone passing through Waiouru or wanting to go skiing. We actually chose to drive through Okakune to get here as it looked a lot nicer and better value. We stayed an extra third night as it was so good!   Thanks Ross.  Bruce, Trilby and the kids!
Helpful, friendly hosts who provided information, milk and free-range eggs and were generous with their time and local knowledge. Warm, cosy house with everything we needed. We walked to a waterfall, toured the lovely gardens, admired the peacock, quail and beehives, patted the donkeys, and marvelled at tiny newborn piglets. Our family of five all had a great time. And our dog was welcome too.
I booked this place to stay with family after we had all attended a wedding in Havelock so we could chill out for a couple of days. I only wish we had had longer. It was wonderful. Wonderful views, wonderful ammenities, clean, comfortable, lovely sunny courtyard, BBQ, nice walks to the beach, Little Kaiterteri was just a magical beach and the hosts friendly and hospitable. It is a beautiful area and the accomodation superb. Thank you very much and we hope to be back one day.
The House is very cute , bigger than we though it,was. Clean and very tidy. It has alot of information about activities we could do. The wi-fi conection is great ( fast of other in the hole country).Very comfortable ifd you want cook , make de dinner or prepare a wonderfull breakfast you have all that you need. Sheila was very kind and loanable. We havn¥t any complain. Was an axcellente choice.
Great service from an owner with an eye for detail. This is a fantastic holiday home on an elevated site with great views over the bay. The rooms are furnished to a very high standard and are very comfortable. After some time in hotels and motels we chose to barbecue on site rather than eat out and made good use of the washing facilities.
Beautiful home. Views of the ocean. Within walking distance of a spectacular beach. Owner is wonderful.
A comfortable, well designed property in an excellent location with everything provided that the vacationer might need. Thanks Sheila and Bill for a really enjoyable 5 days.
The owners of the property (who live just across the road) made us feel very welcome & at home from the moment we arrived The house is immaculate, beautifully furnished and very well appointed with modern day equipment Up on the hillside from the centre of town it's a 10/15 min walk to the shops, cafe, restaurants Wouldn't hesitate to recommend to anyone thinking of spending time in the area
After three weeks of touring the South Island and staying in a variety of hostels and small cottages in close quarters, we and our adult sons (ages 30 and 19) needed a place to relax, slow down and spread out. My goodness, did the Bay Vista ever fit the bill. It is a modern, spacious home in a beautiful location. Everyone had their own lovely room and there was plenty of space in the dining and living areas to relive our adventures at the end of each day. We made full use of the kitchen, the outdoor grill and the outdoor dining patio - as well as the washer and dryer. Absolutely nothing was missing from this luxurious home. We were so fortunate to find this place. Sheila is such a friendly, gracious host - one of the nicest people we met in a land full of nice people. From our location in Kaiteriteri we were able to experience Golden Bay, Farewell Spit, Nelson, Abel Tasman NP as well as the local beaches. Thanks so much to Sheila and Bill for making their house available to us. It could not have possibly been any better.
I cannot recommend this property highly enough! My husband and I visited with my parents and their friends and we had the most wonderful stay here. Sheila is a fantastic host and introduced us to her beautiful property which was immaculate and perfectly appointed.   Everything was considered when designing the property and we cannot think of a single area for improvement. It was clean, spacious and had the most incredible views over the coastline. You can walk to some of the nearby beaches and it is a 20-30min walk to the shops and restaurants. The kitchen was a dream to use and had everything we could have ever needed. We ended up extending our stay here due to the Christchurch floods which worked out brilliantly as the initial 2 nights we booked was not enough!  Sheila and Bill gave us some excellent advice on the local area and our future travels - as others have said, they are passionate about their property and the area and it really makes a difference.   Overall, a fantastic property which we will definitely return to when we come back to the Abel Tasman.
Sheila is a very welcoming host, and her property is without doubt the best we stayed in during our visit to South Island. Everything was provided, there was nothing we needed to request, during our short stay. The location and views are wonderful. We hope to return again one day.
Bay Vista is spacious and walking distance to the beach (&water taxis). An open floor plan, kitchen with all the amenities you might need and large comfortable bedrooms meant my family didn't want to leave. Thanks Sheila!
This is a high quality rental beach cottage with excellent facilities, immaculately presented and with a luxurious outside bath. Less than 1 minute to the long sandy beach. The cottage is warm and cosy.  The owners were so friendly (not too friendly) and helpful and nothing was a problem for them. 3 minutes to the Nile river, 5 minutes to the cafe. A really comfy double bed and comfortable relaxation away from the hustle and bustle of the crowds. Highly recommend and we will be going back again.
The Beach Front Cottage is located just outside the town in a quiet, fantastic location with direct access to the beach. The accommodation is spacious with all necessary facilities for a pleasant stay. Val is an attentive host who takes care of her guests. We enjoyed our evenings on the terrace with an free view over the beach, observing a perfect sunset with the sound of the sea. Unfortunately, our stay was only short, we would have liked a few days longer in this idyllic place.
We had a wonderful time at the cottage. We loved hearing the sound of the waves, eating from the herb garden and gazing at more stars than we have ever seen. The kitchen was well equipped, the bed super comfortable and everything was immaculate. It is also a short drive to Westport, the seals and the penguins.  I will never forget taking a bath in the outdoor bath while watching the sunset.  But best of all was meeting the warm and friendly owners, Val and Craig.
This has to be one of the best places on earth. Luxury accommodation within a stone's throw from the beach. Val,Craig and Jack were fantastic hosts.Nothing was any bother for them and we were thoroughly pampered,
Westwood cottage is a slice of heaven nestled into the wild coastal landscape of Charleston on the westcoast of the south island. I stayed in this cottage over a weekend with two friends and from the moment we walked in the door we couldn't wipe the smiles of our faces. What a wonderful welcome - the fire was lit and music was playing softly. Val popped in to make sure we had every thing we needed and gave us some suggestions on nearby places to explore.  Super comfy bed and the shower was great! I was a cold and rainy weekend but we were warm and cosy! The beach is a hop, skip and a jump away, this is the west coast at it's best - thanks Val and Craig for sharing your lovely slice of heaven.
The northwest South Island is dramatically beautiful. This very comfortable cottage located just above a very long isolated beach has a very clear and direct view of and access to the ocean. There are many great short and long walks/hikes in the area. Westport is a friendly town nearby and Punakaiki is the recreational center. One great feature of the cottage is that it is close to the attractions but sufficiently isolated from the tourist hubbub. The cottage owners live nearby and are exceptionally friendly and helpful. Afternoon tea and scones on arrival and very unexpectedly a pot of home-made chicken soup arrived to help heal our sniffles.
The setting for the cottage is truly beautiful with views to die for. Beach is c. 50m from the front door with sunset views that are unforgettable. Cottage was very well finished to a high standard, clean, well kitted out. Outside bath was a treat with plenty of hot water and can easily fit two inside. Host was very welcoming and unobtrusive.
This property is like home away from home. It is well equipped, comfortable, cozy and clean. The outdoor bath is great to relax in and star gaze! Located right on the beach front we enjoyed lots of walks along the beach and our wee doggies had a ball.  The rural location of the property makes for a wonderfully quiet and relaxing holiday.  Great hosts and property, we highly recommend it.
Beautiful cottage in an amazing setting. If you are after rest and relaxation, this is the place to be. Whether you're into reading a book, go for long beach walks, or surfing and or kitesurfing, this is a place that offers it all. The cottage is very comfortable, great bed, big outdoor tub, good shower. There are Weka's wandering around in the garden, also the occasional hare. You're right at the beach. There are also some good hikes in the region, about 5 min. away. Highly recommendable.
For couples seeking peaceful, private isolation mixed with comfort and quality accommodation, this is an absolutely beautiful choice. The setting on the wild and remote Nine Mile Beach fronting the Tasman Sea is ideal for uninterrupted beach walking and sunset watching. Thoroughly recommended.
As you walk in the view is just breathtaking !!! The sunset was magical and the stars at night are so bright and so many, it's just simply a little treasure of a place we just so happen to be lucky enough to stay. At night you can walk and see some penguins but you have to be very quiet. The beach is so close you can hear the waves if you sit outside at sunset for a lovely glass of wine. Best thing is there is no phone so you can just relax and unwind for a few days.
This was our second stay in the cottage. It is a great place, right on the beach, comfy, really warm (don't load the wood burner up to much or you will have to sit with the door open, gets too warm), the double glazing ensures a great nights sleep (the distant murmur of the surf is very sleep inducing) and it has a shower that I would like to take home. Our dog thinks it is paradise. Miles of beach to run on, endless sticks to chase. For us there are the great long walks, Jacks Pizza to visit at night and Westport is just down the road for coffee. We'll go back again.
We absolutely loved our two night stay at The Church at FOX. It is a converted church with a very modern kitchen and bath. The view out the back window is amazing, and the high ceilings and beautiful beams add to the charm. It offered convenience as a midway point through our NZ adventure, as we could do laundry, cook, and relax. It was most comfortable, and we really appreciate the wine AJ and Roz left for us. What a wonderful and unique experience. We will recommend The Church to all of our friends and colleagues who travel to NZ.
If you are staying in the Fox Glacier area this is where you need to stay. It felt like home from the minute we walked in the door! We were able to walk to restaurants and shops. All the updates done to this church are beautiful! The Nespresso machine got me hooked and I had to purchase one when I got home!
This is a converted church that certainly had a wow factor on arrival. On closer inspection we found the large bed wasn't - it had a large base but smaller mattress which was too soft for us. Also no wardrobe for hanging clothes and the fridge freezer in the open plan unit was very noisy. We really liked this unit and find it a shame to comment on these things, which includes scraping the bottom of your car when leaving as there is no permanent cross-over to the road just a piece of wood at the road kerbside.   The building is also next to the main road and whilst windows are double glazed you could certainly hear the traffic noise, early morning and later afternoon, as the road is on a hill.  One further comment which we found off-putting was finding a baited spring sprung mouse trap - as this unit is not serviced daily we were lucky we didn't see any extra visitors!
The Church has its quirky charms and modern amenities, including a fully equipped kitchen. It offered a comfortable stay close to town center. Once you've spent a few minutes going through the instructions everything worked as they should.
If you're staying at the Fox glacier, booking the Church should be a no-brainer. The home is very tastefully done, with a fully equipped kitchen, all modern amenities and yet maintains the feel of an ancient Church. AJ was very helpful during the entire boiling process well. Would love to come back here.
Positives: - Interesting building (great idea to restore it), decorated beautifully, well equipped kitchen and facilities, comfortable couch for cosying up, free bottle of wine on arrival.  Negatives: - FREEZING! Really spoiled the whole experience for me. One AC unit to heat the entire place doesn't cut it. Left it on all night along with a small heater we found and ceiling fan but the building was still ice cold the following morning
We only stayed one night at the Church and I am sad we didn't stay for longer. This is a property which has clearly been lovingly renovated with a lot of thought given to interior design and clever use of space. The exposed beams alone deserved to be photographed! The kitchen was ideal, brand new and modern, the bed was so comfortable, the little living area was a perfect place for us to unwind, the bathroom was beautiful and the whole place was filled with natural light. I honestly can't fault it. AJ was very helpful before we arrived, and very friendly over email. Thank you so much for the bottle of wine and for making our experience at Fox Glacier so much more special. This is a unique property which I thoroughly recommend to anyone staying in the area.
Whilst travelling up the west coast of nz and looking for a place to stay, we were told there was a brand new luxury apartment for hire. How amazed we were to find that it was an old converted church and we had hired the whole place. The finish was beautiful with full height ceilings, rimu floors, many original features loving restored by the owner as well as all modern conveniences including full walk in shower, and full kitchen. And the owner had left us a bottle of wine, which we very much enjoyed! We spent one fantastic night here and hope one day to return for more. We definitely recommend this as a place to stay.
The church is a beautiful building and has been lovingly resorted, with very tasteful design. We loved staying here.   Only negatives, and I'm being fussy now however we paid a premium price for two nights and would have expected more than 2 coffee pods and 3 tea bags for a two night stay!
The Church at FOX is located at the edge of this most picturesque village - more quiet and intimate than its larger neighbour, Franz Josef.  The Church as been renovated to a very high standard and with impeccable taste. The integrity of the building has been retained including features such as the pulpit and baptismal font, and a beautiful lofted ceiling.  AJ was a most obliging and welcoming host
We love staying at this home. So relaxing and peaceful. Great to be able to self cater but have lots of restaurants in Hanmer village. We stayed before the new owners took over and missed the TV/DVD player and clock radio in the bedroom. These should be in the bedroom as other 5star properties do. Apart from that this is a wonderful property.
We had three nights at this lovely retreat. Perfectly situated for privacy. Fully equipped right down to towels for the hot pools. Decking expansive and well furnished with seats, tables and the bath in the corner totally made our holiday break, especially with the rain and cooler temps we had during our break. Used it every day..... and the lovely log fire well stocked with firewood/cones. Easy walk to the village shops. Have already booked for our next stay in 2016.
What a delightful set up for a get-away weekend. The living room was a great size with a cosy log burner to take away the winter chills. An excellent kitchen with gas cooker made us change our plans for eating out. If we had been better prepared we would have brought our own supplies as the local store was limited. The bedroom was very comfortable and well furnished. It was amazing lying in the bath outside in the dark gazing up at the stars. When its not dark the views to the mountain are great too. Highly recommended
This is totally designed for couples but was perfect for a getaway just for me. I stayed 2 nights. Loved the outside bath even in the rain. Its all the little touches that make this place brillant. I will be back.
A lovely place to stay, very quiet and private and that fantastic outside bath!!!! Cant recommend enough for a relaxing weekend while avoiding a classic hotel/B&B.   Amazing
This place had everything you wanted to have a relaxing and romantic time, the view is so pretty out the back on the deck and very peaceful.There are walks close by and an easy walk down to the village and to the hot pools Well equipped kitchen and had a cosy feel about the house, I would recommend Love Hanmer to any couple who wants to have a romantic few days.
We stayed three nights and wished it could have been for longer. The house/chalet was very clean and tastefully furnished with a large lounge/dining room, full kitchen including oven & dishwasher, laundry (the drier is under the house), bedroom and en-suite. The large deck is sensational being private and surrounded by tree-clad hills - and the two-person outdoor bath adds further interest. The back gate provides access to the walkways to Conical Hill and the beautiful Woodland walk. As a couple this was a perfect choice.
Booked for two nights. Ideally situated 5 minutes walk to shops, pools cafes and bars. Good sized three bed house fully equipped with everything you need for your stay. Lovely log fire for those colder days. A lovely touch is a welcoming fruit basket on your arrival. The owner was lovely to deal with on the phone. Would definatley book again.
We were recently looking for somewhere tranquil, idyllic to stay in or near Hanmer Springs. This cottage and its surrounding area was simply perfect. Tranquil, total relaxation. To sit out on the deck and look at horses and sheep with no houses in sight was simply perfect......totally relaxing. The cottage was immaculate, complete with some lovely touches. We were greeted with a wonderful log burning fire, a wonderful platter and provisions in the fridge. The night sky was awesome to sa the least! Lizzie and Mike are wonderful hosts and offer excellent hospitality. We very much hope to return very soon.
This property is unbelievable. Quality, quiet and well-appointed, with views to die for.  The greeting is gorgeous (book, and you'll see what we mean..), the fire sets a scene for THE most relaxing stay imaginable while the subtle touches in the cottage will surprise.  I know this review is a little cryptic, but when YOU stay there you will GET what I'm talking about.
We spent a weekend recently at Woodbank Park Cottages and cannot rate it highly enough. From the warm welcome by hosts Mike and Lizzy to the little special touches like the complimentary cheese platter the whole weekend was excellent. The accommodation is spotlessly clean, modern, comfortable and stylishly furnished. The cottages are situated a little way out of Hanmer and the peace and quiet is worth it's weight in gold! We shall certainly be returning on our next trip. Martha and Dean.
We recently had a 1 night stay here at the beginning of a 2 week South Island holiday. What a lovely place to spend our first night. Modern, spotless, comfy bed, great amenities, and very quiet. Would definitely recommend!
A very comfortable, clean and modern apartment to stay in. We loved the layout and the stylish decor throughout giving it a definite 'wow' factor. The position of the apartments beside the mountains made for an amazing outlook which could further be taken advantage of through the sky light windows up on the mezzanine floor.   We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. We recommend the Hanmer Apartments to anyone looking for quality accommodation with an alpine outlook. We will be booking into here next time we come to Hanmer Springs.
A little gem of a place to stay in Hanmer Springs. Myself and 2 friends stayed for one night and we couldn't fault the accommodation, very clean, modern and has everything in the apartment that you would want. Hosts very helpful in advising where to eat in Hanmer Springs etc  I would recommend a stay at the Hanmer Apartments for anyone looking for accommodation in the area
We had a lovely weekend and I would highly recommend Hanmer Apartments to anyone who is looking for self-catering accommodation in Hanmer.  The apartment was very well maintained (spotlessly clean!) and equipped with everything we needed for a weekend stay. Despite it being close to freezing outside during our stay, the apartment was toasty warm throughout the weekend.  The hosts were very welcoming and gave us lots of information about the best times to visit the hot springs, where to eat, local walks, etc, which was much appreciated because it was our first time visiting Hanmer.  All in all, a great place to stay and to continue relaxing after a trip to the hot springs.
On entering the apartment I was pleasantly surprised as it was nicer that i expected. It was wonderfully clean and modern. It has 2 good sized bedrooms, both with queen beds, tv's, wardrobes and mirrors. The bedroom windows overlook the town. The kitchen living dining area is very spacious (more so than the photos show) and the lounge chairs are very comfy. A minor point is that all of the tables are glass - so harder to keep clean and may be a consideration if travelling with smaller children. The kitchen is huge (a real bonus for a longer stay with children), has plenty of nice glassware, crockery and cooking utensils and all appliances are new and clean.  The outdoor balcony is not that attractive at first sight (has concrete walls), but has nice outdoor furniture and is well located as it faces north with direct sun (welcome during the mild March weather) which also means lovely natural light in the apartment. The living and outdoor areas overlook the mountains and a park.  The apartment is located in the centre of town upstairs above the Alpine Holiday Homes office and several shops. But don't let that put you off, we arrived on a Friday and stayed over a busy weekend but there was no noise problem at all and I slept in easily. The location is perfect as there is little need to get into your car. A really nice place to stay. Would book again.
We stayed for 2 nights at this delightful Farm Stay B & B, in a very comfortable modern Cottage set in the grounds of the Farmstead and surrounded by a picturesque rural landscape. There are self catering facilities in the Cottage, a BBQ on the terrace and a swimming pool in the garden. The owners were extremely friendly and helpful and provided us with some delicious meals, upon request.  We took the Farm Tour on our second day, with the farmer driving us around his 5,500 acres of very scenic undulating hills, a most enjoyable experience and also educational, as it gave us an insight into farming life in New Zealand.  A very peaceful haven, ideal for unwinding, relaxing and taking long walks in the beautiful countryside.  Highly recommended !  P.S. A Pegasus Bay Vineyards lunch en route from Christchurch is worth considering but would need to be booked a couple of weeks in advance.
We booked for 2 nights but wished we have booked for much longer. The hosts Richard and Antoinette are so friendly and down to earth, and you relax the moment you enter their beautiful farm. We were two adults and a kid, and we enjoyed everything the farm has to offer. The pool and the sweet dogs were a big hit with the young one, and my boyfriend and I really enjoyed the farmtour Richards was kind enough to take us on. But the highlight of our stay besides the stunning surroundings, was the hospitality from Antoinette and Richard, especially the home cooked dinners which we recommend anybody staying there to enjoy.  Whenever we come back to New Zealand again we defiantly wish to visit Richard, Antoinette, Sniffo and her two girls.
A group of four of us recently completed a most enjoyable couple of nights staying at Pahau Downs with Richard and Antionette in the well appointed guest accommodtion situated on the farm that they own on the edge of the north Canterbury Plains.  Here, Richard works some 5,000 acres of mainly undulating grazing land broken by intermittent areas of native tree cover and steep sided ravines A highlight of our stay was a tour of the farm with Richard in his 4X4 which was put through its paces negotiating the rough hill side tracks that gave access to his herds of grazing Aberdeen Angus beef cattle and flocks of Romney Marsh sheep.  Further highights of our visit were the delicois evening meals that Antionette is happy to prepare for guests upon request in her spacious family home.   Pahau Downs was altogether, a litte piece of paradise far removed from the stresses of our workaday city lives.
The cottage at Pahau Downs provides spacious and well equipped accommodation with generous breakfast supplies including delicious homemade jams and yoghurt. The tranquil scenery provides a good contrast to the coast and the location is a good stop between the east and west coast. The cottage feels remote, but is easy to find and not too far from the main road. Our only regret was not ordering the lamb dinner, all the comments in the visitors book gave it rave reviews.
We stayed one night and regretted not having time for a longer stay. The guesthouse is wonderful, with a lot of space, great beads and stoning views over the landscape.  Kids enjoined the dogs and the large pool very much.  Richard provided a great impression of the farm work in NZ during the farm tour. The farm dinner was delicious and we had a very nice chat with the host family.
Such a beautiful, peaceful place to stay. Everything you could want is provided, down to the delicious home made preserves with the breakfast selection! Only 10-15 mins to Hanmer Springs Thermal Resort, and many delightful shops there too. You can't help but relax, in this peaceful location. We were even offered the owner's swimming pool and spa, to swim in! Comfy beds, and couches, everything is decorated to a high level. I would have no hesitation recommending this place as a delightful stop on any vacation. The owners were very approachable, informing us with local knowledge, and great things to do. Thank you.
Our family had a great stay! Interesting and beautiful tour, lovely house, the kids loved the dogs and pool!
We arrived late in the evening after dinner at Hanmer Springs, to a roaring fire and a wonderfully warm cottage.  It is very spacious and roomy, for our travelling group of 3 adults and one child, and we particularly loved the puppies who came along with Richard to welcome us.  They came to visit the next morning, which is when we found the wonderful view outside our windows, and the incredible breakfast which had been provided for us.  Modern, warm, clean and very nicely decorated, this was   We highly recommend the cottage, and Richard and Antoinette as hosts.
We loved this panoramic heavenly spot... The cottage was extremely comfortable and well appointed, and the owners Antoinette and Richard were very hospitalble and caring and made sure we had everything we needed.  We swam in the perfectly heated pool and enjoyed all the magnicent views... Richard took us on a fascinating farm tour and showed us more of this beautiful extensive farm... We will definitely be back for more!
We stayed at Pahau Downs for two nights. It is in a lovely, remote location with beautiful views of the surrounding hills. It is an ideal retreat and yet close enough to local towns and attractions to make it easy to get out and about and experience the delights of New Zealand.  The house is well equipped, comfortable and has all that you need (washing machine, fresh ground coffee and a lovely sitting room). We felt very comfortable and the owners of the property were lovely, they could not have been more welcoming and hospitable.
Brilliant hosts who go out of their way to make sure you can relax and enjoy the tranquility of the Culverden Hills. Superb antidote to the excitement of Hamner Springs. Swim under the stars surrounded by sheep. Definitely enjoy the farm tour and take up the many excellent walks on offer either over the hills or along the river. Brilliant place for taking children to. Nothing too much trouble.
Visited this beautiful location with my wife and two young adult children for four nights as our first stop on a two-week 'dream trip' from the US to NZ...What an experience!!! Our home was a beautiful and well-appointed 2BR cottage located across from the main homestead...Richard and Antoinette, owners of this 5500 acre working sheep and cattle station, were the perfect hosts. From the warm welcome, to the fantastic home-cooked dinners, to the fun-filled tour of this beautiful property, to the guidance on places to visit in the Culverdan/Canterbury area, they made sure our visit was a memorable one! I cannot recommend this 'real New Zealand' location more highly, whether traveling solo, as a couple or as a family. Although we traveled to other locations throughout the south island during our visit to NZ, we all agreed that our time at Pahau Downs was the highlight of our vacation!!
We were treated to terrific accommodation in a modern cottage with ample room a lovely warm fire , as well as a generous breakfast.Richard was more than happy to keep the fire burning whilst we were away exploring the local area.Then we were treated to an extensive on farm tour with Richard guiding us around his farm .All was a very enjoyable experience. Highly recommended we will be back when visiting NZ again
10/10 incredibly welcoming and generous people. Stay was fun, exciting and very entertaining. Gorgeous food available, amazing selection, never before have I seen so many gluten free option available in one place.
Whilst our weather was gorgeous I think that the Port in a storm would be wonderful too! The location is superb with coastal vistas to the north and plenty to look at on the inside as well. The owners have put a lot of effort into this place and it is easy just to slip into it - especially with a lit fire and chilled out music to greet us. There is everything you need here and the great organic vegetable garden gave our meals an extra touch of homestyle comfort. Go here.
Maureen and Bill are two lovely hosts, they are so welcoming, the house is well-equipment, tidy and warm.   We live in a working farm, Bill showed us how to feed the animals, they have lots of sheeps, cows, dogs and ducks. Especially if Bill have time, he will show you his daily work routines and you can followed him, to help and learn about how to take cares of animals.  We travel to the South Island for 14days, we always stayed at Airbnb, different places, this working farm is the most unforgettable place we have ever lived.  We had such a lovely night, to eat the Chinese food together, to share lots of travel experiences we had, to feed the animals, especially they treat us like a family, they won't restrict you to do anything, on the contrary, they give you freedom and privacy.  Thanks Maureen and Bill for providing us such a charming place to stay, you did really show us what the farm life is. Very special experience we will never have chance to know in Taiwan.   We strongly recommend people to stop by their farm and spend a lovely night with them.   Sincerely, Unice & Cooper
Awesome accommodation at a great price! 4 of us stayed in a fully furnished cottage. Had a great time and would definitely recommend!
We stopped a night as part of a cycle tour along the Clutha gold trail. Christine went out of her way to make it easy for us as cyclists and looked after us for a nights stop even though it was peak season. Beautifully landscaped grounds and super nice people repeat holiday makers staying there too. Very highly recommended
We found this excellent accomodation for a large group of 13. Beds were comfortable and a large living area for us to enjoy our meal The BBQ pack supplied as part of our package was fantastic - loads of meat, fresh salads and potatoes. Breakfast was also plentiful and delicious. Really recommend this place
Due to its location we had to make last minute changes. But the host was very helpful and kind in making all the changes to make our trip more enjoyable.
Fantastic place for a stay I stopped there a couple of nights to flyfish locally and was looked after superbly Brooke is a natural and will do well. Her friendly black lab is a charming friend.
We've just had the BEST family weekend at this A1 property to celebrate a special birthday! Due to the layout and size of the house, we were able to spread our three families well (6 adults, 3 babies in portacots and a 3-year-old), enjoying our own rooms/ensuites and well spread living spaces. Highlights of spas in stormy weather, walks (in shifts) to bush, waterfalls and native birds singing loud and clear. Thank you Tracey for making this such a fantastic stay, hope to be back!
Tiromoana is a very comfortable, spacious house with a stunning view over farm and hills down to the sea and inlet. It was very quiet and peaceful. The family loved the spa and used it every day. We had a great time using the kayaks on the other side of the farm.  Everything is very well equipped, including a kitchen with lots of supplies and all the gear for cooking.
We stayed 4 nights in this beautiful house high above Owaka. The view (from all the rooms) is stunning. Although the weather was cool while we were there, we enjoyed the large hot tub each evening. The house is beautifully equipped with everything needed, and a particularly good assortment of delicious breakfast goodies are stocked in the pantry. We would highly recommend this to anyone wanting to spend a few days in the Caitlin's.
A journey to the Catlin's is a great experience and staying at Tiromoana lifts it to another level. Driving through the farm and turning into Tiromoana presents a spectacular view. Tracey makes sure you are welcomed and shown around, highlighting the excellent facilities including a spa looking out to the water. Tiromoana is clean and well appointed with one of the most magnificent views imaginable. A continental breakfast is provided and the house comes with many provisions. On beautiful days you can use it as a base for exploring or nestling into the couches during inclement weather with a roaring fire, your stay will be memorable. Our favourite place to stay on our 3 week South Island trip!
The house is beautifully designed with a comfortable open plan living space, very well fitted out kitchen, fireplace (very welcome in winter) and expansive views of the stunning region. It was just a shame that we couldn't spend more time there! The Aurora Australis even showed itself. Thanks for helping our holiday become such a memorable one.
I cannot say enough how wonderful our stay at Tiromoana was. Tracey and Rangi were wonderful hosts, going above and beyond to make sure we had a comfortable and enjoyable time. The house is just lovely, with a spa pool overlooking the farm and on out to the sea - spectacular views. We will definitely be back - soon!!
My wife, two young daughters (5 & 3) and I are French and live in Hong Kong. We spent 3 nights in Tiromoana. We travel quite a bit and usually go to nice / good quality accommodation / hotels. Tiromoana was one of the best accommodations we ever had in Asia (we have lived there for 10 years): (1) location / view is unique, something money cannot buy; it is difficult to describe and pictures dont give justice to it but it is truly breathtaking. (2) the surroundings / activities in a 20km radius around the house are fantastic: wild beaches, wildlife, great walks - all suitable to young kids (but not only to them). (3) the quality of the house is irreproachable and you can really feel that Tracey is - successfully - trying her best to keep it that way; everything is clean and works properly. (4) Tracey is a formidable host: patient, kind and efficient. She even brought us some delicious wild mushroom for our omellette and a fish freshly caught by her husband (we should not write that as future guests will expect the same but that gives a sense on how welcoming Tracey was). We hesitated to write a review as we wanted to keep this place a secret for our friends but that would not be fair on Tracey; so add Tiromoana to your trip before a billionaire buys it and closes it to the public.
We stayed three nights in this large farm house. The property is perfect in every way, the views are truly stunning. The hole setting is like a scene from Lord of the Rings, it is just quintessential New Zealand. The Catlins is one of my favorite places in New Zealand, and we have seen quite a lot of both island during our three long visits to the country. But the best it yet to come: Tracey, Carey, Sam, Will and George are the warmest people we have met. We arrived as strangers, a long way from home (that is Norway), and we left as part of the family. We have met many very nice and friendly hosts traveling around NZ, but this is the first time we felt like friends rather than paying guests. And that was very special for us. We miss the family, the house and the farm. Do treat yourself to a real kiwi experience, a bit of the beaten track, but all the more real. And enjoy warm hospitality, healthy local produce, and views out of this world. Do stay at least three days, or you will regret it. To much to see, to much to do, and to little time to just soak up the landscape.
The property is beautiful, well laid out, and fitted out to a very high standard. There was Champagne in the fridge, red wine on the bench and fire was crackling. If that wasn't enough the view was breathtaking. We spent a lot of time just taking it in and being amazed that we had found somewhere so amazing to stay. What a place. We opted to have a meal cooked for us one night. It was a simple home cooked meal using delicious produce from the farm and local area. We invited our hosts to stay and join us for the meal, they were great company and cooks and we enjoyed learning about the local area from some locals.
Tirimoana is the most amazing home - and we felt very lucky to be able to stay there. The outlook is just amazing, perched above Owaka. Tracey was a wonderful host and we couldn't have asked for more. There is an amazing kitchen that had everything you could ever need - as well as so much more. She had also made sure that there were plenty of toys out for our 3 year old - including ones for the bath! It really did feel like a home away from home!
We stayed one night but wished we could have stayed longer. It has a great location especially if you plan on taking a Doubtful Sound tour. The home is spacious with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. Note that the main bathroom in in 2 sections. The toilet is in one room and next door is the sink and bath. Itís not a problem just different. The kitchen is VERY well stocked. Anything and everything you could need is there from kitchen supplies to toys for kids. There is a nice yard too. I would definitely stay here again if Iím in the area again.
This place is a really beautiful little home-away-from-home. Clean, tidy and well furnished, it provided a great overnight stay for us as we travelled around the area with another couple and their children. It has a nice little patch of lawned area which the kids used to run themselves tired. Jessie was a wonderful host, and was accommodating and helpful.  If our travels ever take us through Manapouri again, we will definitely book this place.
This was well furnished and super clean. We had a group of 8 that stayed at both #16 and #18. Either is just as nice. As we had been traveling for a couple weeks already, the washer/dryer were a welcome site. This house is located away from the tourists in Manapouri. It was a short walk down to the lake with great views of the surrounding mountains. Our hosts provided great advise to our many questions. I can recommend this house with any reservation. If I get back to this area of NZ, I'll look to stay here again.
We stayed at this cottage for 2 nights in Oct 2015. We met up with Ray & Jessie who stay about 1km away from the cottage. Both were so friendly and Ray was kind enough to let us fed his alpacas. About 15 minutes later, Jessie brought us to cottage No 18 at Kepler Mountain View. Once we were inside the cottage, we were so impressed with the decor and the presentation. It has a modern kitchen with a dishwasher (but we didn't use it). The cottage also has a washing machine and a drier. That is what we like most as we have quite a bit of laundry to do. The bathroom and toilets are spotless clean. The rooms are spacious and are beautifully decorated. The next day we invited Ray & Jessie to the cottage to join us for our home cooked dinner. We had a long chat with them.  Thank you so much Ray & Jessie for your hospitality. We love the stay in your cottage and we highly recommend it especially to those who are visiting the Fiordland.
We loved our stay at 18 Motu-Au. The house was brand new with quality furnishings and inclusions and so many extras included. My wife who is a cook by proffession was extremely impressed with the kitchen. Only regret was that we could not stay longer, having arrived around 6pm & leaving after breakfast
A lovely house in a quiet surrounding. The house has everything you can ask for and was very tidy and lovely furnished.  A perfect place to stay for visits of the Doubtful Sound and the Milford Sound. We can highly recomend it!
Ray and Jessie have hit the nail on the head with this accommodation. So well presented and homely. All the right extras that one might forget to bring. This type of Accommodation is the way of the future. Thank you for a short and sweet stay.
We loved our stay here. The owners are friendly and helpful and the house is perfect. Manapouri is only 15 mins from Te Anau and is a great location right on its own lake. There are 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a great kitchen/lounge area. Also a deck and great yard. We were sad not to have more time there. Only caveat: there are some sandflies and mosquitos and there are not screens on the windows. Maybe they weren't on yet as we were there in spring.
Clean and tidy with good facilities. Very well placed for Doubtful Sound. One suggestion would be to add some shelving or drawer space as for those staying a few days it is nice to have the opportunity to unpack and re-arrange for the on-going journey. We met Jessie, when we reported a minor issue, who seemed very pleasant.
Perfect and extremely well-appointed cottage within easy walking distance of Lake Manapouri and Doubtful Sound tours. We stayed for four nights and could not have found more delightful accommodation. Jessie made us feel very welcome; a visit to her Alpaca farm is a must as is a night spent under warm Alpaca doonas! Would definitely stay here again.
Very clean and nicely appointed 2 bedroom cottage; perfect location for exploring Doubtful and Milford Sound. Ideal for a family a family. My children especially liked the plush robes and board games. Thank You!
Great cottage with EVERYTHING you could need. Fantastic for two couples with bedroom and bathroom each side of the living area. We all enjoyed our stay and I really would recommend you stay more than one night to appreciate the tranquility and ambiance of this special place.
Very good accommodation for family with children. Little space to park your luggage. No internet. Quiet and well attended accommodation. 2 bedroom and 2 bathrooms but both quite small. Plenty of inefficiently used space when with two people, relatively snug when used by four people.
There's alwasy one place where you wish you'd booked another few nights. This is one. Beuatifully decorated. You can lay back on the lounge or spead out at the table. It's also a place where you can get back into the kitchen after getting sick of 'eating out' for weeks whilst away from home. You can cook outdoor in the BBQ or stay inside. The kitchen is extremely well equipped and even has plastic wrap for the left overs. There is a small but wide range of books, games and videos if the weather closes in too. Its a short walk to the ferry terminal and a short walk to the coffee shop and a Thai restaurant. A bit longer walk along the lake to the tavern, but still nice to do for dinner. I'd have loved to stay longer and use it as a base to do more walking. Glad we stayed here rather than the very busy Te Anau.
We only stayed one night- quite suitable - near the ferry parking area. The place would be more suited to a longer stay - very well appointed. friendly and helpful owner - suggested a good drive and walk.
We only stayed one night- quite suitable - near the ferry parking area. The place would be more suited to a longer stay - very well appointed. friendly and helpful owner - suggested a good drive and walk.
My husband, my sister, her partner and I stayed at this beautiful cottage for two nights from 11th to 13th October. The accommodation was tastefully furnished and as presented on the internet. It was ideal for two couples with two bedrooms and two bathrooms. The beds were extremely comfortable and every amenity was provided. It was an ideal location to venture out on Doubtful Sound, the glow worm caves and trips to Te Anu and Invercargill. I was very impressed with the professionalism and helpfulness of Jess and really appreciated her timely responses to all emails. I look forward to returning in the future
We absolutely LOVED our stay in this great home! It is ideally set up for two couples, although we were only one couple staying! It is sunny, spacious and spotlessly clean. It was great to come off a multi-day hike, and be able to clean our clothes in the washer supplied (even with washing powder!).   Both bedrooms have their own bathroom, which is lovely. The bathrooms are small, but functional.   The kitchen was really the highlight. VERY well equipped, and utterly LOVED the fact that coffee beans and a grinder were supplied! (and a coffee plunger, too, of course). Also a good selection of spices, and even flour!  From here, we could just walk down to the jetty where we picked up our Doubtful Sound cruise, which was great.
We stayed in 10 rental accommodation properties during our trip down the south Island and this was by far the best house that we rented.Presentation was outstanding and the house was clean and warm which was great as it was snowing outside. Nothing was left out inside the house. Thanks for the great stay owners !!
We actually stayed at No 18 which is next door to No 16. The house was the best equipped house we stayed in during our 5 week holiday in NZ. It is very modern, clean and comfortable. The house is a short walk from Lake Manapouri and a good base for Te Anau and Milford Sound. The owner is extremely knowledgeable about the area as she works for the DOC (Department of Conservation) and gave us lots of useful advice for our trip to Milford Sound which was the highlight of our holiday in NZ. I would have no hesitation in recommending this property but if you are travelling there from the East coast (as we were) make sure you stock up on some Sand Fly repellent which seem rife along the West coast before you arrive, these little devils love new arrivals!
good place to stay. easy access to lake manapouri for the doubtful sound cruise. short dribe to the anau for shopping' restaurants and coffee shops.
This was a great experience. The cottage is super clean and very roomy. All the kitchen necessities are there if you want to cook your own meals. I was super excited about the Alpacas, and my husband was really going for me. He now says it was one of the highlights of the trip for him. It was so much fun feeding them and learning all about them. The view from the cottage is great in all directions, and since it is out of town, even the Milky Way was visible at night. It is just outside of Manapouri, and it is just a short drive into Te Anau. We would definitely stay here again if we go back to New Zealand, and we would recommend it to anyone else travelling in that part of the country.
We stayed here before and after our Doubtful Sound overnight cruise (which was superb). The cottage is simple but very comfortable and spotlessly clean. Jessie and Ray are the perfect hosts and it was a real pleasure to help feed the alpacas in the evening. They and Charlotte the cat are real characters. The farm setting with the hills around is very pleasant and we had some great sunrises and sunsets.
An incredible location with stunning surrounding views of the mountains. We were made to feel very welcome by Jessie and Ray and even had a personal introduction to the very friendly alpaca's. Max and Sue (baby alpaca's) allowed us to stroke them and we enjoyed hearing all about how they are cared for. The accommodation was a self contained unit with a lovely garden area and bbq spot. The kitchenette and washing facilities were very useful. The bathroom was smart with a really nice shower. The bed is remembered for being one of the most comfortable we slept on in NZ! Both Jessie and Ray talked us through our drive to the start of the Routeburn track and what the weather was looking like.  A perfect, relaxing stay before an epic walk. Highly recommended.
Excellent, well equipped accommodation with mountain views. Very friendly hosts who were happy to help us get to know the local area. Meeting Max and the other alpacas was an added bonus!!
This was an amazing place - the house itself was very nice and very well equipped - kitchen with everything you can think off, laundry room, bedroom - excellent. And the location - unbelievable. Close to an amazing lake (10 minute walk), quiet, really beautiful.
Very immaculate place with attention to detail. Great hosts-very accommodating and helpful. Manapouri place is beautiful with excellent lake to walking distance to this place.   I would think this place is the best choice to go to Milford.
A really cosy though spacious wooden cabin close to everything of importance. One can walk anywhere from here. Some old trail etc. The shower is just the best one can hope for. The only downside was that the pull-out settee was really HORRIBLE to sleep on. So if there are more than 3 people consider bringing an inflatable mattress to put on top of the pulled-out settee.
Loved the unit and location but I should have asked Kerri about some of the inclusions that were not delivered. For example, the price included breakfast but we only had bread and milk provided once though we stayed 3 nights. No problem with cereal and coffee though - ample supply there! The heater (heat pump) did not work but the shower was really good so we warmed up that way. The TV only seemed to have one channel - either that or I don't know how to figure out their remotes. Besides those small issues, we loved our stay otherwise we would not have stayed so long. Kerri the owner is very easy to deal with and flexible with payment. Great place to stay if you have early cruise on Doubtful Sound as the boats leave about 200m from the Motel.
Lovely, peaceful accommodation on the edge of Fiordland and just a 5 to 10 minute walk from the start of the Doubtful Sound cruise. Manapouri is a quiet place but does have a small shop and restaurant/bar and is only 20 minutes drive from busier Te Anau.  The accommodation was perfect for two people or a couple and young child. It as spacious, comfortable and well equipped and the washing machine was much appreciated after two weeks travelling. All in all this was a wonderful place to spend a few days.
booked this place thru airbnb and we are very happy with it. spacious, clean and quiet. big bathroom, all wheelchair accessable, small but well equipped kitchen, good location. can only recommend this place.
