I booked this place to stay with family after we had all attended a wedding in Havelock so we could chill out for a couple of days. I only wish we had had longer. It was wonderful. Wonderful views, wonderful ammenities, clean, comfortable, lovely sunny courtyard, BBQ, nice walks to the beach, Little Kaiterteri was just a magical beach and the hosts friendly and hospitable. It is a beautiful area and the accomodation superb. Thank you very much and we hope to be back one day.
The House is very cute , bigger than we though it,was. Clean and very tidy. It has alot of information about activities we could do. The wi-fi conection is great ( fast of other in the hole country).Very comfortable ifd you want cook , make de dinner or prepare a wonderfull breakfast you have all that you need. Sheila was very kind and loanable. We havn¥t any complain. Was an axcellente choice.
Great service from an owner with an eye for detail. This is a fantastic holiday home on an elevated site with great views over the bay. The rooms are furnished to a very high standard and are very comfortable. After some time in hotels and motels we chose to barbecue on site rather than eat out and made good use of the washing facilities.
Beautiful home. Views of the ocean. Within walking distance of a spectacular beach. Owner is wonderful.
A comfortable, well designed property in an excellent location with everything provided that the vacationer might need. Thanks Sheila and Bill for a really enjoyable 5 days.
The owners of the property (who live just across the road) made us feel very welcome & at home from the moment we arrived The house is immaculate, beautifully furnished and very well appointed with modern day equipment Up on the hillside from the centre of town it's a 10/15 min walk to the shops, cafe, restaurants Wouldn't hesitate to recommend to anyone thinking of spending time in the area
After three weeks of touring the South Island and staying in a variety of hostels and small cottages in close quarters, we and our adult sons (ages 30 and 19) needed a place to relax, slow down and spread out. My goodness, did the Bay Vista ever fit the bill. It is a modern, spacious home in a beautiful location. Everyone had their own lovely room and there was plenty of space in the dining and living areas to relive our adventures at the end of each day. We made full use of the kitchen, the outdoor grill and the outdoor dining patio - as well as the washer and dryer. Absolutely nothing was missing from this luxurious home. We were so fortunate to find this place. Sheila is such a friendly, gracious host - one of the nicest people we met in a land full of nice people. From our location in Kaiteriteri we were able to experience Golden Bay, Farewell Spit, Nelson, Abel Tasman NP as well as the local beaches. Thanks so much to Sheila and Bill for making their house available to us. It could not have possibly been any better.
I cannot recommend this property highly enough! My husband and I visited with my parents and their friends and we had the most wonderful stay here. Sheila is a fantastic host and introduced us to her beautiful property which was immaculate and perfectly appointed.   Everything was considered when designing the property and we cannot think of a single area for improvement. It was clean, spacious and had the most incredible views over the coastline. You can walk to some of the nearby beaches and it is a 20-30min walk to the shops and restaurants. The kitchen was a dream to use and had everything we could have ever needed. We ended up extending our stay here due to the Christchurch floods which worked out brilliantly as the initial 2 nights we booked was not enough!  Sheila and Bill gave us some excellent advice on the local area and our future travels - as others have said, they are passionate about their property and the area and it really makes a difference.   Overall, a fantastic property which we will definitely return to when we come back to the Abel Tasman.
Sheila is a very welcoming host, and her property is without doubt the best we stayed in during our visit to South Island. Everything was provided, there was nothing we needed to request, during our short stay. The location and views are wonderful. We hope to return again one day.
Bay Vista is spacious and walking distance to the beach (&water taxis). An open floor plan, kitchen with all the amenities you might need and large comfortable bedrooms meant my family didn't want to leave. Thanks Sheila!
This is a high quality rental beach cottage with excellent facilities, immaculately presented and with a luxurious outside bath. Less than 1 minute to the long sandy beach. The cottage is warm and cosy.  The owners were so friendly (not too friendly) and helpful and nothing was a problem for them. 3 minutes to the Nile river, 5 minutes to the cafe. A really comfy double bed and comfortable relaxation away from the hustle and bustle of the crowds. Highly recommend and we will be going back again.
The Beach Front Cottage is located just outside the town in a quiet, fantastic location with direct access to the beach. The accommodation is spacious with all necessary facilities for a pleasant stay. Val is an attentive host who takes care of her guests. We enjoyed our evenings on the terrace with an free view over the beach, observing a perfect sunset with the sound of the sea. Unfortunately, our stay was only short, we would have liked a few days longer in this idyllic place.
We had a wonderful time at the cottage. We loved hearing the sound of the waves, eating from the herb garden and gazing at more stars than we have ever seen. The kitchen was well equipped, the bed super comfortable and everything was immaculate. It is also a short drive to Westport, the seals and the penguins.  I will never forget taking a bath in the outdoor bath while watching the sunset.  But best of all was meeting the warm and friendly owners, Val and Craig.
This has to be one of the best places on earth. Luxury accommodation within a stone's throw from the beach. Val,Craig and Jack were fantastic hosts.Nothing was any bother for them and we were thoroughly pampered,
Westwood cottage is a slice of heaven nestled into the wild coastal landscape of Charleston on the westcoast of the south island. I stayed in this cottage over a weekend with two friends and from the moment we walked in the door we couldn't wipe the smiles of our faces. What a wonderful welcome - the fire was lit and music was playing softly. Val popped in to make sure we had every thing we needed and gave us some suggestions on nearby places to explore.  Super comfy bed and the shower was great! I was a cold and rainy weekend but we were warm and cosy! The beach is a hop, skip and a jump away, this is the west coast at it's best - thanks Val and Craig for sharing your lovely slice of heaven.
The northwest South Island is dramatically beautiful. This very comfortable cottage located just above a very long isolated beach has a very clear and direct view of and access to the ocean. There are many great short and long walks/hikes in the area. Westport is a friendly town nearby and Punakaiki is the recreational center. One great feature of the cottage is that it is close to the attractions but sufficiently isolated from the tourist hubbub. The cottage owners live nearby and are exceptionally friendly and helpful. Afternoon tea and scones on arrival and very unexpectedly a pot of home-made chicken soup arrived to help heal our sniffles.
The setting for the cottage is truly beautiful with views to die for. Beach is c. 50m from the front door with sunset views that are unforgettable. Cottage was very well finished to a high standard, clean, well kitted out. Outside bath was a treat with plenty of hot water and can easily fit two inside. Host was very welcoming and unobtrusive.
This property is like home away from home. It is well equipped, comfortable, cozy and clean. The outdoor bath is great to relax in and star gaze! Located right on the beach front we enjoyed lots of walks along the beach and our wee doggies had a ball.  The rural location of the property makes for a wonderfully quiet and relaxing holiday.  Great hosts and property, we highly recommend it.
Beautiful cottage in an amazing setting. If you are after rest and relaxation, this is the place to be. Whether you're into reading a book, go for long beach walks, or surfing and or kitesurfing, this is a place that offers it all. The cottage is very comfortable, great bed, big outdoor tub, good shower. There are Weka's wandering around in the garden, also the occasional hare. You're right at the beach. There are also some good hikes in the region, about 5 min. away. Highly recommendable.
For couples seeking peaceful, private isolation mixed with comfort and quality accommodation, this is an absolutely beautiful choice. The setting on the wild and remote Nine Mile Beach fronting the Tasman Sea is ideal for uninterrupted beach walking and sunset watching. Thoroughly recommended.
As you walk in the view is just breathtaking !!! The sunset was magical and the stars at night are so bright and so many, it's just simply a little treasure of a place we just so happen to be lucky enough to stay. At night you can walk and see some penguins but you have to be very quiet. The beach is so close you can hear the waves if you sit outside at sunset for a lovely glass of wine. Best thing is there is no phone so you can just relax and unwind for a few days.
This was our second stay in the cottage. It is a great place, right on the beach, comfy, really warm (don't load the wood burner up to much or you will have to sit with the door open, gets too warm), the double glazing ensures a great nights sleep (the distant murmur of the surf is very sleep inducing) and it has a shower that I would like to take home. Our dog thinks it is paradise. Miles of beach to run on, endless sticks to chase. For us there are the great long walks, Jacks Pizza to visit at night and Westport is just down the road for coffee. We'll go back again.
We absolutely loved our two night stay at The Church at FOX. It is a converted church with a very modern kitchen and bath. The view out the back window is amazing, and the high ceilings and beautiful beams add to the charm. It offered convenience as a midway point through our NZ adventure, as we could do laundry, cook, and relax. It was most comfortable, and we really appreciate the wine AJ and Roz left for us. What a wonderful and unique experience. We will recommend The Church to all of our friends and colleagues who travel to NZ.
If you are staying in the Fox Glacier area this is where you need to stay. It felt like home from the minute we walked in the door! We were able to walk to restaurants and shops. All the updates done to this church are beautiful! The Nespresso machine got me hooked and I had to purchase one when I got home!
This is a converted church that certainly had a wow factor on arrival. On closer inspection we found the large bed wasn't - it had a large base but smaller mattress which was too soft for us. Also no wardrobe for hanging clothes and the fridge freezer in the open plan unit was very noisy. We really liked this unit and find it a shame to comment on these things, which includes scraping the bottom of your car when leaving as there is no permanent cross-over to the road just a piece of wood at the road kerbside.   The building is also next to the main road and whilst windows are double glazed you could certainly hear the traffic noise, early morning and later afternoon, as the road is on a hill.  One further comment which we found off-putting was finding a baited spring sprung mouse trap - as this unit is not serviced daily we were lucky we didn't see any extra visitors!
The Church has its quirky charms and modern amenities, including a fully equipped kitchen. It offered a comfortable stay close to town center. Once you've spent a few minutes going through the instructions everything worked as they should.
If you're staying at the Fox glacier, booking the Church should be a no-brainer. The home is very tastefully done, with a fully equipped kitchen, all modern amenities and yet maintains the feel of an ancient Church. AJ was very helpful during the entire boiling process well. Would love to come back here.
Positives: - Interesting building (great idea to restore it), decorated beautifully, well equipped kitchen and facilities, comfortable couch for cosying up, free bottle of wine on arrival.  Negatives: - FREEZING! Really spoiled the whole experience for me. One AC unit to heat the entire place doesn't cut it. Left it on all night along with a small heater we found and ceiling fan but the building was still ice cold the following morning
We only stayed one night at the Church and I am sad we didn't stay for longer. This is a property which has clearly been lovingly renovated with a lot of thought given to interior design and clever use of space. The exposed beams alone deserved to be photographed! The kitchen was ideal, brand new and modern, the bed was so comfortable, the little living area was a perfect place for us to unwind, the bathroom was beautiful and the whole place was filled with natural light. I honestly can't fault it. AJ was very helpful before we arrived, and very friendly over email. Thank you so much for the bottle of wine and for making our experience at Fox Glacier so much more special. This is a unique property which I thoroughly recommend to anyone staying in the area.
Whilst travelling up the west coast of nz and looking for a place to stay, we were told there was a brand new luxury apartment for hire. How amazed we were to find that it was an old converted church and we had hired the whole place. The finish was beautiful with full height ceilings, rimu floors, many original features loving restored by the owner as well as all modern conveniences including full walk in shower, and full kitchen. And the owner had left us a bottle of wine, which we very much enjoyed! We spent one fantastic night here and hope one day to return for more. We definitely recommend this as a place to stay.
The church is a beautiful building and has been lovingly resorted, with very tasteful design. We loved staying here.   Only negatives, and I'm being fussy now however we paid a premium price for two nights and would have expected more than 2 coffee pods and 3 tea bags for a two night stay!
The Church at FOX is located at the edge of this most picturesque village - more quiet and intimate than its larger neighbour, Franz Josef.  The Church as been renovated to a very high standard and with impeccable taste. The integrity of the building has been retained including features such as the pulpit and baptismal font, and a beautiful lofted ceiling.  AJ was a most obliging and welcoming host
We love staying at this home. So relaxing and peaceful. Great to be able to self cater but have lots of restaurants in Hanmer village. We stayed before the new owners took over and missed the TV/DVD player and clock radio in the bedroom. These should be in the bedroom as other 5star properties do. Apart from that this is a wonderful property.
We had three nights at this lovely retreat. Perfectly situated for privacy. Fully equipped right down to towels for the hot pools. Decking expansive and well furnished with seats, tables and the bath in the corner totally made our holiday break, especially with the rain and cooler temps we had during our break. Used it every day..... and the lovely log fire well stocked with firewood/cones. Easy walk to the village shops. Have already booked for our next stay in 2016.
What a delightful set up for a get-away weekend. The living room was a great size with a cosy log burner to take away the winter chills. An excellent kitchen with gas cooker made us change our plans for eating out. If we had been better prepared we would have brought our own supplies as the local store was limited. The bedroom was very comfortable and well furnished. It was amazing lying in the bath outside in the dark gazing up at the stars. When its not dark the views to the mountain are great too. Highly recommended
This is totally designed for couples but was perfect for a getaway just for me. I stayed 2 nights. Loved the outside bath even in the rain. Its all the little touches that make this place brillant. I will be back.
A lovely place to stay, very quiet and private and that fantastic outside bath!!!! Cant recommend enough for a relaxing weekend while avoiding a classic hotel/B&B.   Amazing
This place had everything you wanted to have a relaxing and romantic time, the view is so pretty out the back on the deck and very peaceful.There are walks close by and an easy walk down to the village and to the hot pools Well equipped kitchen and had a cosy feel about the house, I would recommend Love Hanmer to any couple who wants to have a romantic few days.
We stayed three nights and wished it could have been for longer. The house/chalet was very clean and tastefully furnished with a large lounge/dining room, full kitchen including oven & dishwasher, laundry (the drier is under the house), bedroom and en-suite. The large deck is sensational being private and surrounded by tree-clad hills - and the two-person outdoor bath adds further interest. The back gate provides access to the walkways to Conical Hill and the beautiful Woodland walk. As a couple this was a perfect choice.
Booked for two nights. Ideally situated 5 minutes walk to shops, pools cafes and bars. Good sized three bed house fully equipped with everything you need for your stay. Lovely log fire for those colder days. A lovely touch is a welcoming fruit basket on your arrival. The owner was lovely to deal with on the phone. Would definatley book again.
We were recently looking for somewhere tranquil, idyllic to stay in or near Hanmer Springs. This cottage and its surrounding area was simply perfect. Tranquil, total relaxation. To sit out on the deck and look at horses and sheep with no houses in sight was simply perfect......totally relaxing. The cottage was immaculate, complete with some lovely touches. We were greeted with a wonderful log burning fire, a wonderful platter and provisions in the fridge. The night sky was awesome to sa the least! Lizzie and Mike are wonderful hosts and offer excellent hospitality. We very much hope to return very soon.
This property is unbelievable. Quality, quiet and well-appointed, with views to die for.  The greeting is gorgeous (book, and you'll see what we mean..), the fire sets a scene for THE most relaxing stay imaginable while the subtle touches in the cottage will surprise.  I know this review is a little cryptic, but when YOU stay there you will GET what I'm talking about.
We spent a weekend recently at Woodbank Park Cottages and cannot rate it highly enough. From the warm welcome by hosts Mike and Lizzy to the little special touches like the complimentary cheese platter the whole weekend was excellent. The accommodation is spotlessly clean, modern, comfortable and stylishly furnished. The cottages are situated a little way out of Hanmer and the peace and quiet is worth it's weight in gold! We shall certainly be returning on our next trip. Martha and Dean.
We recently had a 1 night stay here at the beginning of a 2 week South Island holiday. What a lovely place to spend our first night. Modern, spotless, comfy bed, great amenities, and very quiet. Would definitely recommend!
A very comfortable, clean and modern apartment to stay in. We loved the layout and the stylish decor throughout giving it a definite 'wow' factor. The position of the apartments beside the mountains made for an amazing outlook which could further be taken advantage of through the sky light windows up on the mezzanine floor.   We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. We recommend the Hanmer Apartments to anyone looking for quality accommodation with an alpine outlook. We will be booking into here next time we come to Hanmer Springs.
A little gem of a place to stay in Hanmer Springs. Myself and 2 friends stayed for one night and we couldn't fault the accommodation, very clean, modern and has everything in the apartment that you would want. Hosts very helpful in advising where to eat in Hanmer Springs etc  I would recommend a stay at the Hanmer Apartments for anyone looking for accommodation in the area
We had a lovely weekend and I would highly recommend Hanmer Apartments to anyone who is looking for self-catering accommodation in Hanmer.  The apartment was very well maintained (spotlessly clean!) and equipped with everything we needed for a weekend stay. Despite it being close to freezing outside during our stay, the apartment was toasty warm throughout the weekend.  The hosts were very welcoming and gave us lots of information about the best times to visit the hot springs, where to eat, local walks, etc, which was much appreciated because it was our first time visiting Hanmer.  All in all, a great place to stay and to continue relaxing after a trip to the hot springs.
On entering the apartment I was pleasantly surprised as it was nicer that i expected. It was wonderfully clean and modern. It has 2 good sized bedrooms, both with queen beds, tv's, wardrobes and mirrors. The bedroom windows overlook the town. The kitchen living dining area is very spacious (more so than the photos show) and the lounge chairs are very comfy. A minor point is that all of the tables are glass - so harder to keep clean and may be a consideration if travelling with smaller children. The kitchen is huge (a real bonus for a longer stay with children), has plenty of nice glassware, crockery and cooking utensils and all appliances are new and clean.  The outdoor balcony is not that attractive at first sight (has concrete walls), but has nice outdoor furniture and is well located as it faces north with direct sun (welcome during the mild March weather) which also means lovely natural light in the apartment. The living and outdoor areas overlook the mountains and a park.  The apartment is located in the centre of town upstairs above the Alpine Holiday Homes office and several shops. But don't let that put you off, we arrived on a Friday and stayed over a busy weekend but there was no noise problem at all and I slept in easily. The location is perfect as there is little need to get into your car. A really nice place to stay. Would book again.
We stayed for 2 nights at this delightful Farm Stay B & B, in a very comfortable modern Cottage set in the grounds of the Farmstead and surrounded by a picturesque rural landscape. There are self catering facilities in the Cottage, a BBQ on the terrace and a swimming pool in the garden. The owners were extremely friendly and helpful and provided us with some delicious meals, upon request.  We took the Farm Tour on our second day, with the farmer driving us around his 5,500 acres of very scenic undulating hills, a most enjoyable experience and also educational, as it gave us an insight into farming life in New Zealand.  A very peaceful haven, ideal for unwinding, relaxing and taking long walks in the beautiful countryside.  Highly recommended !  P.S. A Pegasus Bay Vineyards lunch en route from Christchurch is worth considering but would need to be booked a couple of weeks in advance.
We booked for 2 nights but wished we have booked for much longer. The hosts Richard and Antoinette are so friendly and down to earth, and you relax the moment you enter their beautiful farm. We were two adults and a kid, and we enjoyed everything the farm has to offer. The pool and the sweet dogs were a big hit with the young one, and my boyfriend and I really enjoyed the farmtour Richards was kind enough to take us on. But the highlight of our stay besides the stunning surroundings, was the hospitality from Antoinette and Richard, especially the home cooked dinners which we recommend anybody staying there to enjoy.  Whenever we come back to New Zealand again we defiantly wish to visit Richard, Antoinette, Sniffo and her two girls.
A group of four of us recently completed a most enjoyable couple of nights staying at Pahau Downs with Richard and Antionette in the well appointed guest accommodtion situated on the farm that they own on the edge of the north Canterbury Plains.  Here, Richard works some 5,000 acres of mainly undulating grazing land broken by intermittent areas of native tree cover and steep sided ravines A highlight of our stay was a tour of the farm with Richard in his 4X4 which was put through its paces negotiating the rough hill side tracks that gave access to his herds of grazing Aberdeen Angus beef cattle and flocks of Romney Marsh sheep.  Further highights of our visit were the delicois evening meals that Antionette is happy to prepare for guests upon request in her spacious family home.   Pahau Downs was altogether, a litte piece of paradise far removed from the stresses of our workaday city lives.
The cottage at Pahau Downs provides spacious and well equipped accommodation with generous breakfast supplies including delicious homemade jams and yoghurt. The tranquil scenery provides a good contrast to the coast and the location is a good stop between the east and west coast. The cottage feels remote, but is easy to find and not too far from the main road. Our only regret was not ordering the lamb dinner, all the comments in the visitors book gave it rave reviews.
We stayed one night and regretted not having time for a longer stay. The guesthouse is wonderful, with a lot of space, great beads and stoning views over the landscape.  Kids enjoined the dogs and the large pool very much.  Richard provided a great impression of the farm work in NZ during the farm tour. The farm dinner was delicious and we had a very nice chat with the host family.
Such a beautiful, peaceful place to stay. Everything you could want is provided, down to the delicious home made preserves with the breakfast selection! Only 10-15 mins to Hanmer Springs Thermal Resort, and many delightful shops there too. You can't help but relax, in this peaceful location. We were even offered the owner's swimming pool and spa, to swim in! Comfy beds, and couches, everything is decorated to a high level. I would have no hesitation recommending this place as a delightful stop on any vacation. The owners were very approachable, informing us with local knowledge, and great things to do. Thank you.
Our family had a great stay! Interesting and beautiful tour, lovely house, the kids loved the dogs and pool!
We arrived late in the evening after dinner at Hanmer Springs, to a roaring fire and a wonderfully warm cottage.  It is very spacious and roomy, for our travelling group of 3 adults and one child, and we particularly loved the puppies who came along with Richard to welcome us.  They came to visit the next morning, which is when we found the wonderful view outside our windows, and the incredible breakfast which had been provided for us.  Modern, warm, clean and very nicely decorated, this was   We highly recommend the cottage, and Richard and Antoinette as hosts.
We loved this panoramic heavenly spot... The cottage was extremely comfortable and well appointed, and the owners Antoinette and Richard were very hospitalble and caring and made sure we had everything we needed.  We swam in the perfectly heated pool and enjoyed all the magnicent views... Richard took us on a fascinating farm tour and showed us more of this beautiful extensive farm... We will definitely be back for more!
We stayed at Pahau Downs for two nights. It is in a lovely, remote location with beautiful views of the surrounding hills. It is an ideal retreat and yet close enough to local towns and attractions to make it easy to get out and about and experience the delights of New Zealand.  The house is well equipped, comfortable and has all that you need (washing machine, fresh ground coffee and a lovely sitting room). We felt very comfortable and the owners of the property were lovely, they could not have been more welcoming and hospitable.
Brilliant hosts who go out of their way to make sure you can relax and enjoy the tranquility of the Culverden Hills. Superb antidote to the excitement of Hamner Springs. Swim under the stars surrounded by sheep. Definitely enjoy the farm tour and take up the many excellent walks on offer either over the hills or along the river. Brilliant place for taking children to. Nothing too much trouble.
Visited this beautiful location with my wife and two young adult children for four nights as our first stop on a two-week 'dream trip' from the US to NZ...What an experience!!! Our home was a beautiful and well-appointed 2BR cottage located across from the main homestead...Richard and Antoinette, owners of this 5500 acre working sheep and cattle station, were the perfect hosts. From the warm welcome, to the fantastic home-cooked dinners, to the fun-filled tour of this beautiful property, to the guidance on places to visit in the Culverdan/Canterbury area, they made sure our visit was a memorable one! I cannot recommend this 'real New Zealand' location more highly, whether traveling solo, as a couple or as a family. Although we traveled to other locations throughout the south island during our visit to NZ, we all agreed that our time at Pahau Downs was the highlight of our vacation!!
We were treated to terrific accommodation in a modern cottage with ample room a lovely warm fire , as well as a generous breakfast.Richard was more than happy to keep the fire burning whilst we were away exploring the local area.Then we were treated to an extensive on farm tour with Richard guiding us around his farm .All was a very enjoyable experience. Highly recommended we will be back when visiting NZ again
10/10 incredibly welcoming and generous people. Stay was fun, exciting and very entertaining. Gorgeous food available, amazing selection, never before have I seen so many gluten free option available in one place.
Whilst our weather was gorgeous I think that the Port in a storm would be wonderful too! The location is superb with coastal vistas to the north and plenty to look at on the inside as well. The owners have put a lot of effort into this place and it is easy just to slip into it - especially with a lit fire and chilled out music to greet us. There is everything you need here and the great organic vegetable garden gave our meals an extra touch of homestyle comfort. Go here.
Maureen and Bill are two lovely hosts, they are so welcoming, the house is well-equipment, tidy and warm.   We live in a working farm, Bill showed us how to feed the animals, they have lots of sheeps, cows, dogs and ducks. Especially if Bill have time, he will show you his daily work routines and you can followed him, to help and learn about how to take cares of animals.  We travel to the South Island for 14days, we always stayed at Airbnb, different places, this working farm is the most unforgettable place we have ever lived.  We had such a lovely night, to eat the Chinese food together, to share lots of travel experiences we had, to feed the animals, especially they treat us like a family, they won't restrict you to do anything, on the contrary, they give you freedom and privacy.  Thanks Maureen and Bill for providing us such a charming place to stay, you did really show us what the farm life is. Very special experience we will never have chance to know in Taiwan.   We strongly recommend people to stop by their farm and spend a lovely night with them.   Sincerely, Unice & Cooper
Awesome accommodation at a great price! 4 of us stayed in a fully furnished cottage. Had a great time and would definitely recommend!
We stopped a night as part of a cycle tour along the Clutha gold trail. Christine went out of her way to make it easy for us as cyclists and looked after us for a nights stop even though it was peak season. Beautifully landscaped grounds and super nice people repeat holiday makers staying there too. Very highly recommended
We found this excellent accomodation for a large group of 13. Beds were comfortable and a large living area for us to enjoy our meal The BBQ pack supplied as part of our package was fantastic - loads of meat, fresh salads and potatoes. Breakfast was also plentiful and delicious. Really recommend this place
Due to its location we had to make last minute changes. But the host was very helpful and kind in making all the changes to make our trip more enjoyable.
Fantastic place for a stay I stopped there a couple of nights to flyfish locally and was looked after superbly Brooke is a natural and will do well. Her friendly black lab is a charming friend.
We've just had the BEST family weekend at this A1 property to celebrate a special birthday! Due to the layout and size of the house, we were able to spread our three families well (6 adults, 3 babies in portacots and a 3-year-old), enjoying our own rooms/ensuites and well spread living spaces. Highlights of spas in stormy weather, walks (in shifts) to bush, waterfalls and native birds singing loud and clear. Thank you Tracey for making this such a fantastic stay, hope to be back!
Tiromoana is a very comfortable, spacious house with a stunning view over farm and hills down to the sea and inlet. It was very quiet and peaceful. The family loved the spa and used it every day. We had a great time using the kayaks on the other side of the farm.  Everything is very well equipped, including a kitchen with lots of supplies and all the gear for cooking.
We stayed 4 nights in this beautiful house high above Owaka. The view (from all the rooms) is stunning. Although the weather was cool while we were there, we enjoyed the large hot tub each evening. The house is beautifully equipped with everything needed, and a particularly good assortment of delicious breakfast goodies are stocked in the pantry. We would highly recommend this to anyone wanting to spend a few days in the Caitlin's.
A journey to the Catlin's is a great experience and staying at Tiromoana lifts it to another level. Driving through the farm and turning into Tiromoana presents a spectacular view. Tracey makes sure you are welcomed and shown around, highlighting the excellent facilities including a spa looking out to the water. Tiromoana is clean and well appointed with one of the most magnificent views imaginable. A continental breakfast is provided and the house comes with many provisions. On beautiful days you can use it as a base for exploring or nestling into the couches during inclement weather with a roaring fire, your stay will be memorable. Our favourite place to stay on our 3 week South Island trip!
The house is beautifully designed with a comfortable open plan living space, very well fitted out kitchen, fireplace (very welcome in winter) and expansive views of the stunning region. It was just a shame that we couldn't spend more time there! The Aurora Australis even showed itself. Thanks for helping our holiday become such a memorable one.
I cannot say enough how wonderful our stay at Tiromoana was. Tracey and Rangi were wonderful hosts, going above and beyond to make sure we had a comfortable and enjoyable time. The house is just lovely, with a spa pool overlooking the farm and on out to the sea - spectacular views. We will definitely be back - soon!!
My wife, two young daughters (5 & 3) and I are French and live in Hong Kong. We spent 3 nights in Tiromoana. We travel quite a bit and usually go to nice / good quality accommodation / hotels. Tiromoana was one of the best accommodations we ever had in Asia (we have lived there for 10 years): (1) location / view is unique, something money cannot buy; it is difficult to describe and pictures dont give justice to it but it is truly breathtaking. (2) the surroundings / activities in a 20km radius around the house are fantastic: wild beaches, wildlife, great walks - all suitable to young kids (but not only to them). (3) the quality of the house is irreproachable and you can really feel that Tracey is - successfully - trying her best to keep it that way; everything is clean and works properly. (4) Tracey is a formidable host: patient, kind and efficient. She even brought us some delicious wild mushroom for our omellette and a fish freshly caught by her husband (we should not write that as future guests will expect the same but that gives a sense on how welcoming Tracey was). We hesitated to write a review as we wanted to keep this place a secret for our friends but that would not be fair on Tracey; so add Tiromoana to your trip before a billionaire buys it and closes it to the public.
We stayed three nights in this large farm house. The property is perfect in every way, the views are truly stunning. The hole setting is like a scene from Lord of the Rings, it is just quintessential New Zealand. The Catlins is one of my favorite places in New Zealand, and we have seen quite a lot of both island during our three long visits to the country. But the best it yet to come: Tracey, Carey, Sam, Will and George are the warmest people we have met. We arrived as strangers, a long way from home (that is Norway), and we left as part of the family. We have met many very nice and friendly hosts traveling around NZ, but this is the first time we felt like friends rather than paying guests. And that was very special for us. We miss the family, the house and the farm. Do treat yourself to a real kiwi experience, a bit of the beaten track, but all the more real. And enjoy warm hospitality, healthy local produce, and views out of this world. Do stay at least three days, or you will regret it. To much to see, to much to do, and to little time to just soak up the landscape.
The property is beautiful, well laid out, and fitted out to a very high standard. There was Champagne in the fridge, red wine on the bench and fire was crackling. If that wasn't enough the view was breathtaking. We spent a lot of time just taking it in and being amazed that we had found somewhere so amazing to stay. What a place. We opted to have a meal cooked for us one night. It was a simple home cooked meal using delicious produce from the farm and local area. We invited our hosts to stay and join us for the meal, they were great company and cooks and we enjoyed learning about the local area from some locals.
Tirimoana is the most amazing home - and we felt very lucky to be able to stay there. The outlook is just amazing, perched above Owaka. Tracey was a wonderful host and we couldn't have asked for more. There is an amazing kitchen that had everything you could ever need - as well as so much more. She had also made sure that there were plenty of toys out for our 3 year old - including ones for the bath! It really did feel like a home away from home!
We stayed one night but wished we could have stayed longer. It has a great location especially if you plan on taking a Doubtful Sound tour. The home is spacious with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. Note that the main bathroom in in 2 sections. The toilet is in one room and next door is the sink and bath. Itís not a problem just different. The kitchen is VERY well stocked. Anything and everything you could need is there from kitchen supplies to toys for kids. There is a nice yard too. I would definitely stay here again if Iím in the area again.
This place is a really beautiful little home-away-from-home. Clean, tidy and well furnished, it provided a great overnight stay for us as we travelled around the area with another couple and their children. It has a nice little patch of lawned area which the kids used to run themselves tired. Jessie was a wonderful host, and was accommodating and helpful.  If our travels ever take us through Manapouri again, we will definitely book this place.
This was well furnished and super clean. We had a group of 8 that stayed at both #16 and #18. Either is just as nice. As we had been traveling for a couple weeks already, the washer/dryer were a welcome site. This house is located away from the tourists in Manapouri. It was a short walk down to the lake with great views of the surrounding mountains. Our hosts provided great advise to our many questions. I can recommend this house with any reservation. If I get back to this area of NZ, I'll look to stay here again.
We stayed at this cottage for 2 nights in Oct 2015. We met up with Ray & Jessie who stay about 1km away from the cottage. Both were so friendly and Ray was kind enough to let us fed his alpacas. About 15 minutes later, Jessie brought us to cottage No 18 at Kepler Mountain View. Once we were inside the cottage, we were so impressed with the decor and the presentation. It has a modern kitchen with a dishwasher (but we didn't use it). The cottage also has a washing machine and a drier. That is what we like most as we have quite a bit of laundry to do. The bathroom and toilets are spotless clean. The rooms are spacious and are beautifully decorated. The next day we invited Ray & Jessie to the cottage to join us for our home cooked dinner. We had a long chat with them.  Thank you so much Ray & Jessie for your hospitality. We love the stay in your cottage and we highly recommend it especially to those who are visiting the Fiordland.
We loved our stay at 18 Motu-Au. The house was brand new with quality furnishings and inclusions and so many extras included. My wife who is a cook by proffession was extremely impressed with the kitchen. Only regret was that we could not stay longer, having arrived around 6pm & leaving after breakfast
A lovely house in a quiet surrounding. The house has everything you can ask for and was very tidy and lovely furnished.  A perfect place to stay for visits of the Doubtful Sound and the Milford Sound. We can highly recomend it!
Ray and Jessie have hit the nail on the head with this accommodation. So well presented and homely. All the right extras that one might forget to bring. This type of Accommodation is the way of the future. Thank you for a short and sweet stay.
We loved our stay here. The owners are friendly and helpful and the house is perfect. Manapouri is only 15 mins from Te Anau and is a great location right on its own lake. There are 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a great kitchen/lounge area. Also a deck and great yard. We were sad not to have more time there. Only caveat: there are some sandflies and mosquitos and there are not screens on the windows. Maybe they weren't on yet as we were there in spring.
Clean and tidy with good facilities. Very well placed for Doubtful Sound. One suggestion would be to add some shelving or drawer space as for those staying a few days it is nice to have the opportunity to unpack and re-arrange for the on-going journey. We met Jessie, when we reported a minor issue, who seemed very pleasant.
Perfect and extremely well-appointed cottage within easy walking distance of Lake Manapouri and Doubtful Sound tours. We stayed for four nights and could not have found more delightful accommodation. Jessie made us feel very welcome; a visit to her Alpaca farm is a must as is a night spent under warm Alpaca doonas! Would definitely stay here again.
Very clean and nicely appointed 2 bedroom cottage; perfect location for exploring Doubtful and Milford Sound. Ideal for a family a family. My children especially liked the plush robes and board games. Thank You!
Great cottage with EVERYTHING you could need. Fantastic for two couples with bedroom and bathroom each side of the living area. We all enjoyed our stay and I really would recommend you stay more than one night to appreciate the tranquility and ambiance of this special place.
Very good accommodation for family with children. Little space to park your luggage. No internet. Quiet and well attended accommodation. 2 bedroom and 2 bathrooms but both quite small. Plenty of inefficiently used space when with two people, relatively snug when used by four people.
There's alwasy one place where you wish you'd booked another few nights. This is one. Beuatifully decorated. You can lay back on the lounge or spead out at the table. It's also a place where you can get back into the kitchen after getting sick of 'eating out' for weeks whilst away from home. You can cook outdoor in the BBQ or stay inside. The kitchen is extremely well equipped and even has plastic wrap for the left overs. There is a small but wide range of books, games and videos if the weather closes in too. Its a short walk to the ferry terminal and a short walk to the coffee shop and a Thai restaurant. A bit longer walk along the lake to the tavern, but still nice to do for dinner. I'd have loved to stay longer and use it as a base to do more walking. Glad we stayed here rather than the very busy Te Anau.
We only stayed one night- quite suitable - near the ferry parking area. The place would be more suited to a longer stay - very well appointed. friendly and helpful owner - suggested a good drive and walk.
We only stayed one night- quite suitable - near the ferry parking area. The place would be more suited to a longer stay - very well appointed. friendly and helpful owner - suggested a good drive and walk.
My husband, my sister, her partner and I stayed at this beautiful cottage for two nights from 11th to 13th October. The accommodation was tastefully furnished and as presented on the internet. It was ideal for two couples with two bedrooms and two bathrooms. The beds were extremely comfortable and every amenity was provided. It was an ideal location to venture out on Doubtful Sound, the glow worm caves and trips to Te Anu and Invercargill. I was very impressed with the professionalism and helpfulness of Jess and really appreciated her timely responses to all emails. I look forward to returning in the future
We absolutely LOVED our stay in this great home! It is ideally set up for two couples, although we were only one couple staying! It is sunny, spacious and spotlessly clean. It was great to come off a multi-day hike, and be able to clean our clothes in the washer supplied (even with washing powder!).   Both bedrooms have their own bathroom, which is lovely. The bathrooms are small, but functional.   The kitchen was really the highlight. VERY well equipped, and utterly LOVED the fact that coffee beans and a grinder were supplied! (and a coffee plunger, too, of course). Also a good selection of spices, and even flour!  From here, we could just walk down to the jetty where we picked up our Doubtful Sound cruise, which was great.
We stayed in 10 rental accommodation properties during our trip down the south Island and this was by far the best house that we rented.Presentation was outstanding and the house was clean and warm which was great as it was snowing outside. Nothing was left out inside the house. Thanks for the great stay owners !!
We actually stayed at No 18 which is next door to No 16. The house was the best equipped house we stayed in during our 5 week holiday in NZ. It is very modern, clean and comfortable. The house is a short walk from Lake Manapouri and a good base for Te Anau and Milford Sound. The owner is extremely knowledgeable about the area as she works for the DOC (Department of Conservation) and gave us lots of useful advice for our trip to Milford Sound which was the highlight of our holiday in NZ. I would have no hesitation in recommending this property but if you are travelling there from the East coast (as we were) make sure you stock up on some Sand Fly repellent which seem rife along the West coast before you arrive, these little devils love new arrivals!
good place to stay. easy access to lake manapouri for the doubtful sound cruise. short dribe to the anau for shopping' restaurants and coffee shops.
This was a great experience. The cottage is super clean and very roomy. All the kitchen necessities are there if you want to cook your own meals. I was super excited about the Alpacas, and my husband was really going for me. He now says it was one of the highlights of the trip for him. It was so much fun feeding them and learning all about them. The view from the cottage is great in all directions, and since it is out of town, even the Milky Way was visible at night. It is just outside of Manapouri, and it is just a short drive into Te Anau. We would definitely stay here again if we go back to New Zealand, and we would recommend it to anyone else travelling in that part of the country.
We stayed here before and after our Doubtful Sound overnight cruise (which was superb). The cottage is simple but very comfortable and spotlessly clean. Jessie and Ray are the perfect hosts and it was a real pleasure to help feed the alpacas in the evening. They and Charlotte the cat are real characters. The farm setting with the hills around is very pleasant and we had some great sunrises and sunsets.
An incredible location with stunning surrounding views of the mountains. We were made to feel very welcome by Jessie and Ray and even had a personal introduction to the very friendly alpaca's. Max and Sue (baby alpaca's) allowed us to stroke them and we enjoyed hearing all about how they are cared for. The accommodation was a self contained unit with a lovely garden area and bbq spot. The kitchenette and washing facilities were very useful. The bathroom was smart with a really nice shower. The bed is remembered for being one of the most comfortable we slept on in NZ! Both Jessie and Ray talked us through our drive to the start of the Routeburn track and what the weather was looking like.  A perfect, relaxing stay before an epic walk. Highly recommended.
Excellent, well equipped accommodation with mountain views. Very friendly hosts who were happy to help us get to know the local area. Meeting Max and the other alpacas was an added bonus!!
This was an amazing place - the house itself was very nice and very well equipped - kitchen with everything you can think off, laundry room, bedroom - excellent. And the location - unbelievable. Close to an amazing lake (10 minute walk), quiet, really beautiful.
Very immaculate place with attention to detail. Great hosts-very accommodating and helpful. Manapouri place is beautiful with excellent lake to walking distance to this place.   I would think this place is the best choice to go to Milford.
A really cosy though spacious wooden cabin close to everything of importance. One can walk anywhere from here. Some old trail etc. The shower is just the best one can hope for. The only downside was that the pull-out settee was really HORRIBLE to sleep on. So if there are more than 3 people consider bringing an inflatable mattress to put on top of the pulled-out settee.
Loved the unit and location but I should have asked Kerri about some of the inclusions that were not delivered. For example, the price included breakfast but we only had bread and milk provided once though we stayed 3 nights. No problem with cereal and coffee though - ample supply there! The heater (heat pump) did not work but the shower was really good so we warmed up that way. The TV only seemed to have one channel - either that or I don't know how to figure out their remotes. Besides those small issues, we loved our stay otherwise we would not have stayed so long. Kerri the owner is very easy to deal with and flexible with payment. Great place to stay if you have early cruise on Doubtful Sound as the boats leave about 200m from the Motel.
Lovely, peaceful accommodation on the edge of Fiordland and just a 5 to 10 minute walk from the start of the Doubtful Sound cruise. Manapouri is a quiet place but does have a small shop and restaurant/bar and is only 20 minutes drive from busier Te Anau.  The accommodation was perfect for two people or a couple and young child. It as spacious, comfortable and well equipped and the washing machine was much appreciated after two weeks travelling. All in all this was a wonderful place to spend a few days.
booked this place thru airbnb and we are very happy with it. spacious, clean and quiet. big bathroom, all wheelchair accessable, small but well equipped kitchen, good location. can only recommend this place.
